[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: http://www.apple.com/privacy/privacy-policy/ ] 

 Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a 
single?person.

You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime 
you are in contact with Apple or an Apple affiliated company. Apple and its 
affiliates may share this personal information with each other and use it 
consistent with this Privacy Policy. They may also combine it with other 
information to provide and improve our products, services, content, and 
advertising. You are not required to provide the personal information that we 
have requested, but, if you chose not to do so, in many cases we will not be 
able to provide you with our products or services or respond to any queries you 
may have.

Here are some examples of the types of personal information Apple may
 collect and how we may use?it:

We also collect data in a form that does not, 
on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. We may 
collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. 
The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and 
how we may use it:

If we do combine non-personal information with personal 
information the combined information will be treated as personal information for
 as long as it remains combined.

Apple?s websites, online services, interactive
 applications, email messages, and advertisements may use ?cookies? and other 
technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons. These technologies help us 
better understand user behavior, tell us which parts of our websites people have
 visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web
 searches. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as 
non?personal information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) 
addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local 
law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information. Similarly, to the 
extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we 
treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this 
Privacy Policy.

Apple and its partners use cookies and other technologies in 
mobile advertising services to control the number of times you see a given ad, 
deliver ads that relate to your interests, and measure the effectiveness of ad 
campaigns. If you do not want to receive ads with this level of relevance on 
your mobile device, you can opt out by accessing the following link on your 
device: http://oo.apple.com. Alternatively, if you are using iOS 6 or above 
operating system on your mobile device or iTunes Radio on your computer, you may
 opt?out by electing Limit Ad Tracking. If you opt out, you will continue to 
receive the same number of mobile ads, but they may be less relevant because 
they will not be based on your interests. You may still see ads related to the 
content on a web page or in an application or based on other non-personal 
information. Opting out through oo.apple.com applies only to Apple advertising 
services and does not affect interest-based advertising from other advertising 
networks. However, if you select Limit Ad Tracking on your mobile device, third 
party apps are not permitted by contract to use the Advertising Identifier, a 
non-personal device identifier to serve you targeted ads.

Apple and our 
partners also use cookies and other technologies to remember personal 
information when you use our website, online services, and applications. Our 
goal in these cases is to make your experience with Apple more convenient and 
personal. For example, knowing your first name lets us welcome you the next time
 you visit the Apple Online Store. Knowing your country and language ? and if 
you are an educator, your school ? helps us provide a customized and more useful
 shopping experience. Knowing someone using your computer or device has shopped 
for a certain product or used a particular service helps us make our advertising
 and email communications more relevant to your interests. And knowing your 
contact information, hardware identifiers, and information about your computer 
or device helps us personalize your operating system, set up your iCloud 
service, and provide you with better customer?service.

If you want to disable 
cookies and you?re using the Safari web browser, go to Safari preferences and 
then to the privacy pane to disable cookies. On your Apple mobile device, go to 
Settings, then Safari, and then to the Cookies section. For other browsers, 
check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Please note that 
certain features of the Apple website will not be available once cookies are 
disabled.

As is true of most internet services, we gather some information 
automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet 
Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider 
(ISP), referring and exit websites and applications, operating system, date/time
 stamp, and clickstream?data.

We use this information to understand and analyze
 trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, to 
improve our product and services, and to gather demographic information about 
our user base as a whole. Apple may use this information in our marketing and 
advertising services.

In some of our email messages, we use a ?click-through 
URL? linked to content on the Apple website. When customers click one of these 
URLs, they pass through a separate web server before arriving at the destination
 page on our website. We track this click-through data to help us determine 
interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer 
communications. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not 
click text or graphic links in the email messages.

Pixel tags enable us to send
 email messages in a format customers can read, and they tell us whether mail 
has been opened. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages 
sent to customers.

At times Apple may make certain personal information 
available to strategic partners that work with Apple to provide products and 
services, or that help Apple market to customers. For example, when you purchase
 and activate your iPhone, you authorize Apple and your carrier to exchange the 
information you provide during the activation process to carry out service. If 
you are approved for service, your account will be governed by Apple and your 
carrier?s respective privacy policies. Personal information will only be shared 
by Apple to provide or improve our products, services and advertising; it will 
not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes.

Apple shares 
personal information with companies who provide services such as information 
processing, extending credit, fulfilling customer orders, delivering products to
 you, managing and enhancing customer data, providing customer service, 
assessing your interest in our products and services, and conducting customer 
research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are obligated to protect your 
information and may be located wherever Apple operates.

It may be necessary ? 
by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental 
authorities within or outside your country of residence ? for Apple to disclose 
your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we 
determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other 
issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.

We may 
also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is 
reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our 
operations or users. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger, or 
sale we may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the relevant
 third party.

Apple takes the security of your personal information very 
seriously. Apple online services such as the Apple Online Store and iTunes Store
 protect your personal information during transit using encryption such as 
Transport Layer Security (TLS). When your personal data is stored by Apple, we 
use computer systems with limited access housed in facilities using physical 
security measures. iCloud data is stored in encrypted form including when we 
utilize third party storage.

When you use some Apple products, services, or 
applications or post on an Apple forum, chat room, or social networking service,
 the personal information and content you share is visible to other users and 
can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal 
information you choose to share or submit in these instances. For example, if 
you list your name and email address in a forum posting, that information is 
public. Please take care when using these features.

If you or anyone else using
 Family Sharing logs on to a device that is owned by a third party, any 
information shared within your Family?including calendar, location, photos, and 
iTunes purchases?may be downloaded on to that third party device thereby 
disclosing any such shared information. [See About Family Sharing for more 
information.]

Apple makes it easy for you to keep your personal information 
accurate, complete, and up to date. We will retain your personal information for
 the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy 
unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.

You can help 
ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and
 up to date by logging in to your account at https://appleid.apple.com/. For 
other personal information we hold, we will provide you with access for any 
purpose including to request that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or 
delete the data if Apple is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate 
business purposes. We may decline to process requests