[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=14309551 ] 

 Each item in your order is sold by Amazon Export Sales, Inc. ("Amazon Export") 
or the merchant that the item is specified as sold by ("Merchant").

Those items
 for shipment to countries outside of the U.S. may be subject to taxes, customs 
duties and fees levied by the destination country ("Import Fees"). The recipient
 of the shipment is the importer of record in the destination country and is 
responsible for all Import Fees.

With respect to each item for which Import 
Fees have been calculated, you authorize Amazon Export or Merchant (as 
applicable) to designate a carrier ("Designated Carrier") to act as your agent 
with the relevant customs and tax authorities in the destination country, to 
clear your merchandise, process and remit your actual Import Fees for such item.


"Import Fees Deposit" represents an estimate of the Import Fees that will be 
levied on the items in your order for shipment to countries outside of the U.S. 
By placing your order, you agree to allow Amazon Export and/or Merchant (as 
applicable) to collect the Import Fees Deposit for the applicable items in your 
order. This deposit will be used, on your behalf, to reimburse the Designated 
Carriers for the import fees that they have paid on your behalf to the 
appropriate authorities of the destination country.

You further agree that the 
Designated Carriers may disclose to Amazon Export or Merchant (as applicable) 
the amount of actual Import Fees levied on the item you have purchased from 
Amazon Export and/or Merchant ("Actual Import Fees"). In the event that the 
Import Fees Deposit exceeds the Actual Import Fees, Amazon Export or Merchant 
(as applicable) will refund the difference to you.

In the case of gifts or 
other purchases made on behalf of another recipient, you also agree to grant the
 foregoing authorizations on behalf of the recipient designated in your order.


To obtain details regarding the Actual Import Fees, or to obtain documentation 
or receipts in connection with customs clearance, you may contact the Designated
 Carrier specified in your shipment confirmation e-mail.

These terms and 
conditions are in addition to the standard Conditions of Use of the Amazon 
website. Pursuant to those terms, title and risk of loss for the items transfer 
to the recipient upon delivery to the common carrier in the United States.


Please note that Merchants participating in the International Direct program may
 have policies that differ from Amazon Export's terms and conditions. For items 
you have purchased from a Merchant, please see the applicable Merchant's 
policies for any other terms and conditions that may apply to your purchase of 
such items.

For products shipped internationally, please note that any 
manufacturer warranty may not be valid; manufacturer service options may not be 
available; product manuals, instructions and safety warnings may not be in 
destination country languages; the products (and accompanying materials) may not
 be designed in accordance with destination country standards, specifications, 
and labeling requirements; and the products may not conform to destination 
country voltage and other electrical standards (requiring use of an adapter or 
converter if appropriate). You are responsible for assuring that the product can
 be lawfully imported to the destination country. When ordering from Amazon.com,
 the recipient is the importer of record and must comply with all laws and 
regulations of the destination country.

Your privacy is important to us, and we
 know that you care about how information about your order is used and shared. 
We would like our international customers and customers shipping products 
internationally to be aware that cross-border shipments are subject to opening 
and inspection by customs and/or postal authorities.

Also, we may provide 
certain order, shipment, and product information, such as titles, to our 
international carriers, and such information may be communicated by the carriers
 to customs and/or postal authorities in order to facilitate customs clearance 
and comply with local laws.

If the order is a gift, the package is marked 
"Gift," but the cost of the item is still stated on the customs form.

Customs 
authorities require the value of the gift item to be stated directly on the 
package.