[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: http://www.imdb.com/privacy?ref_=ft_pvc ] 

 Last Updated, December 5, 2014. To see what has changed click here.

IMDb knows 
that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate 
your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. By visiting IMDb, you are 
accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.

What Personal 
Information About Users Does IMDb Gather?

The information we learn from users 
helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at IMDb. Here are 
the types of information we gather.

Does IMDb Share the Information It 
Receives?

Information about our users is an important part of our business, and
 we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share user information 
with our parent corporation (Amazon.com, Inc.), the subsidiaries it controls, 
and as described below.

Our site includes third-party advertising and links to 
other websites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer 
information to these advertisers or third-party websites.

These third-party 
websites and advertisers, or Internet advertising companies working on their 
behalf, sometimes use technology to send (or "serve") the advertisements that 
appear on our website directly to your browser. They automatically receive your 
IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons
 (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to 
measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. 
We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may
 use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party 
websites are not covered by this Privacy Notice. Please contact them directly 
for more information about their privacy practices. In addition, the Network 
Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising 
companies (also called "ad networks" or "network advertisers"), including 
information about how to opt-out of their information collection.

IMDb also 
displays personalized third-party advertising based on personal information 
about users, such as information you submit to us about movies you own or have 
watched.? Click here for more information about the personal information that we
 gather. Although IMDb does not provide any personal information to advertisers,
 advertisers (including ad-serving companies) may assume that users who interact
 with or click on a personalized advertisement meet their criteria to 
personalize the ad (for example, users in the northwestern United States who 
bought, watched, or browsed for romantic comedies). If you do not want us to use
 personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize 
advertisements we display to you, please adjust your Advertising Preferences.


How Secure Is Information About Me?

If you use our subscription service, we 
work to protect the security of your subscription information during 
transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts 
information you input.

It is important for you to protect against unauthorized 
access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished 
using a shared computer.

What Choices and Access Do I Have?

IMDb is not 
intended for use by children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, you may 
not submit information about yourself to IMDb.

Does IMDb.com Participate in the
 Safe Harbor Program?

As a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc., IMDb.com is a 
participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of 
Commerce and (1) the European Union and (2) Switzerland, respectively. Amazon 
has certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles agreed upon 
by the U.S. and (1) the European Union and (2) Switzerland, respectively. For 
more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification, visit the 
U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Web site.

In compliance with the US-
EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles, we endeavor to resolve all complaints 
about privacy and the collection or use of customer information. If you have 
questions about our participation in the Safe Harbor program or have a 
complaint, please send an e-mail to safeharbor@amazon.com.

Under the Safe 
Harbor program, any unresolved privacy complaints can be referred to an 
independent dispute resolution mechanism. We use the BBB EU Safe Harbor Program,
 which is operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you feel that 
we have not satisfactorily addressed your complaint, you can visit the BBB EU 
Safe Harbor Program web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more 
information on how to file a complaint.

Conditions of Use, Notices, and 
Revisions

If you choose to visit IMDb, your visit and any dispute over privacy 
is subject to this Notice and our Terms and Conditions of Use, including 
limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of 
the state of Washington.

If you have any concern about privacy at IMDb, please 
send us a thorough description to our help desk, and we will try to resolve it.


Our business changes constantly. This Notice and the Terms and Conditions of 
Use will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to 
the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. We may e-mail periodic 
reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, 
but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless 
stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we 
have about you and your account.? We stand behind the promises we make, however,
 and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less 
protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of 
affected customers.