[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: https://www.snapchat.com/terms ] 

 Please read these Terms of Use ("Terms") carefully. By downloading, accessing, 
or using the mobile applications, websites, or other products or services of 
Snapchat, Inc. and our affiliates ("Snapchat", "we" or "us"), or the services, 
features, or functionality jointly offered with other companies through our 
mobile application or website (collectively, the "Services"), you agree to be 
bound by these Terms. These Terms affect your legal rights and obligations, so 
if you do not agree to these Terms, do not use the Services.

In the event you 
use a service, feature, or functionality that is operated by a third party and 
made available through our Services (including Services we jointly offer with 
the third party), each party?s terms will govern as to the respective party?s 
relationship with you. In these instances, we will take steps to make the third 
party?s terms available to you before you begin to use the service, feature, or 
functionality.

Snapchat does not transmit any funds and is not a money-services
 business. To the extent such functionality is made available in the Services, 
it is provided by an unaffiliated third party, and like any other third-party 
service, subject to their terms of use.

ARBITRATION NOTICE: EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN 
TYPES OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE BELOW, YOU AGREE THAT 
DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND SNAPCHAT WILL BE RESOLVED BY MANDATORY BINDING 
ARBITRATION AND YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS-ACTION LAWSUIT OR 
CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.

Although these Terms form a proper legal contract?and 
inevitably read like a proper legal contract?the bulk of them are simply 
designed to ensure our users have fun. These Terms let us provide and continue 
to improve our Services, while at the same time ensuring that a few mean users 
don?t ruin the fun for everyone else. Your part in that is simple. Just use 
common sense: Keep sending awesome Snaps to your friends, and please don?t send 
Snaps that they don?t want to receive.

Snapchat is intended for people who are 
at least 13 years old. Persons under the age of 13 are prohibited from creating 
Snapchat accounts. For certain features or functionality offered by us or others
 through the Services, users must be at least 18 years old. Those Services may 
be subject to separate terms from us or third parties that contain these further
 age requirements. If you are under 18 and use those Services, you may be 
violating the third party?s governing terms, which we deem a violation of these 
Terms as well. We do, however, offer a limited-functionality version of 
Snapchat, called "Snapkidz," for children under the age of 13. Snapkidz includes
 the familiar interface for taking Snaps, captioning, drawing, and saving Snaps 
locally on the device, but does not support sending or receiving Snaps or adding
 friends and, since the experience is local to the user?s device, no Snapchat 
account is created.

You affirm that you are either at least 18 years of age, or
 an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are 
fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, 
affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms, and to 
abide by and comply with these Terms. In addition, you affirm that you have not 
been previously suspended or removed from the Services and do not have more than
 one Snapchat account.

We may, in our sole discretion, refuse to offer the 
Services to any person or entity. We may, without notice and in our sole 
discretion, terminate your right to use the Services, or any portion thereof, 
and block or prevent your future access to and use of the Services or any 
portion thereof.

The Snapchat Privacy Policy is incorporated into these Terms. 
By accepting these Terms, you agree to the collection, use, and sharing of your 
information through the Services in accordance with the Privacy Policy.

The 
Services consist of interactive features and areas that allow users to create, 
post, transmit, and/or store content, including but not limited to photos, 
videos, text, graphics, items, or other materials (collectively, "User 
Content"). You understand that you are responsible for all data charges you 
incur by using the Services. You also understand that your User Content may be 
viewable by others and that you have the ability to control who can access such 
content by adjusting your privacy settings. And you agree to abide by our 
Community Guidelines, which may be updated from time to time.

You agree that 
you are solely responsible for your User Content and any claims arising 
therefrom, and that Snapchat is not responsible or liable for any User Content 
or claims arising therefrom. While we are not obligated to do so, we reserve the
 right, and have absolute discretion, to review, screen, and delete User Content
 at any time and for any reason.

You retain all ownership rights in your User 
Content. However, by submitting User Content to Snapchat, you hereby grant us an
 irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, sublicensable, 
and transferable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, edit, publish, create
 derivative works from, distribute, perform, promote, exhibit, and display such 
User Content in any and all media or distribution methods, now known or later 
developed (the "User Content License"), subject to any privacy settings you have
 set to control who can see your User Content. Without limiting the foregoing, 
when you submit User Content to Snapchat in connection with Our Stories and 
other crowd-sourced Stories, you agree that the User Content License accords 
Snapchat the right to sublicense such User Content to other companies, 
organizations, or individuals in connection with the syndication, broadcast, 
distribution, promotion, or publication of Our Stories and other crowd-sourced 
Stories in any and all media or distribution methods, now known or later 
developed. No use of User Content, including without limitation, Our Stories and
 other crowd-sourced Stories, in accordance with the User Content License shall 
entitle you to any compensation from Snapchat, or any other companies, 
organizations, or individuals.

You agree that any feedback, suggestions, ideas,
 or other information or materials regarding Snapchat or the Services that you 
provide, whether by email or otherwise ("Feedback"), are non-confidential and 
shall become the sole property of Snapchat. We will be entitled to the 
unrestricted use and dissemination of such Feedback for any purpose, commercial 
or otherwise, without acknowledging or compensating you. You waive any rights 
you may have to the Feedback (including any copyrights or moral rights). We like
 hearing from users, but please do not share your ideas with us if you expect to
 be paid or want to continue to own or claim rights in them.

Unless otherwise 
stated, all materials contained on or within the Services, including, but not 
limited to, text, graphics, images, code, illustrations, designs, icons, 
photographs, video clips, and written and other materials (collectively, 
"Snapchat Content"), as well as their selection and arrangement, are protected 
by copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent, and/or other intellectual property
 laws. Unauthorized use of Snapchat Content may violate such laws and these 
Terms. Except as expressly provided in these Terms, Snapchat does not grant any 
express or implied rights to use Snapchat Content. You agree that you will not 
copy, reproduce, republish, frame, download, transmit, modify, display, reverse 
engineer, sell, or participate in any sale of, rent, lease, loan, assign, 
distribute, license, sublicense, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, 
Snapchat Content, the Services, or any related software, except as expressly 
stated in these Terms.

You are hereby granted a limited, nonexclusive, non-
sublicensable license to access and use the Services and Snapchat Content. This 
license is revocable at any time. This license is subject to these Terms and 
does not include:

Any use of the Services or Snapchat Content other than as 
specifically authorized in these Terms, without the prior written permission of 
Snapchat, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license to use Snapchat 
granted in these Terms.

In addition to the other restrictions outlined in these
 Terms, you agree that you will not:

You further agree to abide by any third-
party terms that apply to the Services or when posting reviews of Snapchat, 
including the iTunes App Store Terms of Service or the Android Market Terms of 
Service. Posting Snapchat usernames in app store reviews is strictly prohibited 
and may result in us deleting your Snapchat account.

After opening a Snapchat 
account, you accept all responsibility for any activity that occurs while logged
 into your account. You are responsible for making sure that you keep your 
password secure and safe. You agree that you will not share your password with 
others or do anything that might jeopardize the security of your account, 
including sharing your password with or logging in through unauthorized third-
party applications or clients that attempt to access the Snapchat API. If you 
use any such application or client, you acknowledge and agree that Snapchat will
 bear no responsibility for any actions taken by those applications or clients, 
such as any breach of or unauthorized use of your account information or 
messages.

When you first create a Snapchat account, we ask for your mobile 
number to verify your account. Please be aware that your carrier?s text 
messaging and data fees apply for mobile number verification.

We reserve the 
right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services or any 
features or portions thereof without prior notice. You agree that we will not be
 liable for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Services or 
any part thereof.

Snapchat respects the intellectual property rights of others.
 In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other 
applicable laws, we strive to expeditiously remove any infringing material from 
our site. If Snapchat becomes aware that one of its users is a repeat copyright 
infringer, it is our policy to take reasonable steps within our power to 
terminate the user?s account. All users should be aware of and comply with 
applicable copyright laws.

If you believe that anything on the Services 
infringes any copyright that you own or control, you may file a notice of such 
infringement with our designated agent:

To be effective, any takedown notice 
submitted to our Copyright Agent must comply with the requirements set forth at 
17 U.S.C. ? 512(c)(3). That means that the notice must include substantially the
 following:

THE SERVICES AND THE SNAPCHAT CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, 
TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN ADDITION, WHILE SNAPCHAT ATTEMPTS TO PROVIDE A 
GOOD USER EXPERIENCE, WE CANNOT AND DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE 
SERVICES WILL ALWAYS BE SECURE OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL ALWAYS 
FUNCTION WITHOUT DELAYS, DISRUPTIONS, OR IMPERFECTIONS.

The Services are hosted
 in the United States. If you are a user accessing the Services from the 
European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing 
personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States 
laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Services, which 
are governed by U.S. law, you are transferring your personal information to the 
United States and you consent to that transfer.

By agreeing to these Terms you 
agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Snapchat, our managing members, 
shareholders, employees, affiliates, licensors, and suppliers (the "Snapchat 
Parties") from and against any and all complaints, charges, claims, damages, 
losses, costs, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys? fees) due to, 
arising out of, or relating in any way to (a) your access to or use of the 
Services; (b) any User Content you post, upload, use, distribute, store, or 
otherwise transmit through the Services; (c) your violation of these Terms; (d) 
your violation of the rights of another, including without limitation, any 
intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, privacy, or propriety 
right; or (e) your violation of any statutes, codes, ordinances, laws, rules, 
regulations, including without limitation, all regulatory, administrative, and 
legislative authorities.

Except where prohibited by law, in no event will 
Snapchat or the Snapchat Parties be liable for any indirect, special, punitive, 
incidental, exemplary, or consequential damages that result from (a) the use of,
 or inability to use, the Services; (b) the provision of the Services or any 
materials available therein; or (c) the conduct of other users of the Services, 
even if Snapchat has been advised of the possibility of such damages. You assume
 total responsibility for your use of the Services. Your only remedy against 
Snapchat for dissatisfaction with the Services or any content is to stop using 
the Services. If, notwithstanding these Terms, Snapchat is found liable to you 
for any damage or loss that arises out of or is in any way connected with your 
use of the Services or any content, Snapchat?s liability shall in no event 
exceed $1.00. Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations of liability, so the 
foregoing limitation may not apply to you.

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPHS
 CAREFULLY BECAUSE THEY REQUIRE YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH SNAPCHAT, AND 
LIMIT THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM US.

A lawsuit, if any, by 
you or Snapchat against the other will occur in state or federal court in Los 
Angeles County, California. You and Snapchat agree that the jurisdiction and 
venue of these courts is exclusive.

Any dispute between you and Snapchat will 
be governed by these Terms and the laws of the State of California and 
applicable United States law, without giving effect to any conflict-of-laws 
principles that may provide for the application of the law of another 
jurisdiction.

If any provision of these Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or
 for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable 
from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any 
remaining provisions.

These Terms supersede all prior understandings regarding 
the same and represent the complete agreement between you and Snapchat. These 
Terms do no create or confer any third-party beneficiary rights. We may change 
or modify these Terms at any time and in our sole discretion. If we make changes
 to these Terms, we will provide notice of such changes, such as by sending a 
notification, posting a notice on the Services, or updating the "Last Updated" 
date above. Your continued use of the Services will confirm your acceptance of 
the revised Terms. We encourage you to frequently review the Terms to ensure you
 understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Services. If 
you do not agree to the amended Terms, you must stop using the Services and 
delete your Snapchat account.

Snapchat welcomes comments, questions, concerns, 
or suggestions. Please send feedback to us by visiting 
https://support.snapchat.com/.