[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: https://zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service ] 

 To review a copy of the prior version of Zynga?s Terms of Service, click here.


IMPORTANT NOTICE: FOR U.S. AND CANADIAN PLAYERS, DISPUTES ABOUT THESE TERMS OR 
RELATING TO ZYNGA SERVICES GENERALLY MUST BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION AND
 ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS ONLY. For more details, go to Section 17.

Please read 
these Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy carefully before using Zynga 
Services.

Whenever you use the Services, you agree to be bound by all of the 
terms and conditions of these Terms of Service. If you don?t agree to all the 
terms and conditions you must not use our Services.

References to ?Zynga,? ?Us?
 or ?We? mean Zynga Inc. and Zynga's Corporate Family.

Zynga Inc. is located at
 699 8th Street, San Francisco, California 94103, if you?re in the United 
States. If you?re not in the United States, then references to ?Zynga,? ?Us? or 
?We? mean:

Please note that as of January 1, 2015, all rights and 
responsibilities previously belonging to Zynga Luxembourg S.a.r.l under the 
Terms will belong to Zynga Game Ireland Limited.

In all cases, ?Zynga,? ?Us,? 
or ?We? includes agents, consultants, employees, officers and directors.

means 
an account you create when you access the Services.

means the rules of conduct 
that govern your interaction with our Services and other players and can be 
found here.

refers to products, games, services, content, Zynga.com and/or the 
other domains provided by Zynga.

means any other rules related to specific 
services like platforms and APIs, applications for mobile devices, forums, 
contests, subscriptions or loyalty programs that We may publish which apply to 
your use of those specific services and state they are part of these Terms.


means special programs, including offers, excursions, and special gifts, both 
digital and tactile, that Zynga may offer from time to time to certain eligible 
players.

means all the data that you upload or transmit on or through the 
Service. This includes things like your profile picture or your in-game chat.


means (a) virtual currency, including but not limited to virtual coins, cash, 
tokens, or points, all for use in the Service and (b) virtual in-game items.


refers to Zynga?s subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other 
corporate entities under common ownership and/or any of their agents, 
consultants, employees, officers and directors.

refers to the Zynga Corporate 
Family plus Zynga?s and the Zynga Corporate Family?s third-party content 
providers, distributors, licensees or licensors.

We reserve the right, at our 
discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of the Terms, Community 
Rules, Feature Terms, and Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended 
Terms, Community Rules, Feature Terms, or Privacy Policy on our sites or within 
the Service (such as through in-game notices). We may provide additional notice,
 such as an e-mail message or messaging within the Services, of any material 
changes. Unless We state otherwise, changes are effective when posted. If you 
continue to use the Services after the changes are posted you agree to the 
changes. New versions of the Terms, the Community Rules and the Privacy Policy 
and any other policies, codes or rules will be accessible at?www.zynga.com?or 
from within the Services.

If you have a dispute with Zynga, the version of the 
Terms, the Community Rules, Feature Terms, and the Privacy Policy in effect at 
the time Zynga received actual notice of the dispute will apply to such dispute.
 However, if you keep using the Service after the changes are posted, you are 
agreeing that the changes apply to your continued use of the Services.

You 
can?t make changes to the Terms, Community Rules, Feature Terms, or Privacy 
Policy unless both you and Zynga sign a written amendment.

If the Terms or the 
Privacy Policy have provisions that conflict with other Zynga terms or policies,
 the provisions in these Terms and the Privacy Policy win.

In order to use our 
Services, We may ask you to create an Account and select a password and/or 
provide Us with certain personal information, which may include your name, birth
 date, e-mail address, and, in some cases, payment information. This information
 will be held and used in accordance with Zynga's?Privacy Policy.

You agree to 
supply Zynga with accurate, complete, and updated information, particularly your
 email address.

You are responsible for maintaining the security of your 
Account. Don?t share your Account details with others or allow others to access 
or use your Account. You are solely responsible for any activity in your Account
 whether or not authorized by you, including purchases made using any payment 
instrument (for example, credit card, PayPal or social network or platform 
virtual currency).

Tell Us immediately of any actual or suspected loss, theft, 
fraud, or unauthorized use of your Account or Account password.

Zynga's Privacy
 Policy tells you how We collect and use information about you and your computer
 or mobile device, and how you can use the Services to share such information 
with others. You understand that through your use of our Services you 
acknowledge the collection, use and sharing of this information as described in 
Zynga?s Privacy Policy. If you don?t agree with the Privacy Policy, then you 
must stop using our Services.

We encourage you to read the Zynga Privacy Policy
 carefully and use it to make informed decisions.

Who can use our Service: We 
are excited to have you start playing our games, but there are some limits on 
who can use our Service.

You may not use our Service if:

If you are between 
the ages of 13 and 17, or under the age of majority where you live, you 
represent that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to these Terms.

If 
you use our Service, you must follow the Zynga Community Rules and all other 
Feature Terms that may apply. These additional rules and terms apply in addition
 to these Terms and are important. Please read them. If you access the Service 
from a social network or download the Service from another platform, such as 
Apple or Google, you must also comply with its terms of service/use as well as 
these Terms.

To access or play our games or create an account with Us, you may 
need an account with a social network, like Facebook, and, if you are using our 
mobile Service, an account with the company that provides your mobile 
applications, like an iTunes account. You may need to update third party 
software from time to time to receive the Service and play Zynga?s Games.

We 
provide the games. You provide the equipment (computer, phone, tablet, etc.) and
 pay any fees to connect to the Internet and app stores, or for data or cellular
 usage to download and use the Service.

The Service is evolving and We may 
require that you accept updates to the Service as well as to the Terms, 
Community Rules, and the Zynga Privacy Policy. From time to time we may make you
 update the game or your software to continue to use Our Services. We may 
perform these updates remotely including to Zynga software residing on your 
computer or mobile device, without notifying you.

Zynga reserves the right to 
stop offering and/or supporting the Service or a particular game or part of the 
Service at any time either permanently or temporarily, at which point your 
license to use the Service or any part of it will be automatically terminated or
 suspended. If that happens, Zynga is not required to provide refunds, benefits 
or other compensation to players in connection with discontinued elements of the
 Service or for virtual goods previously earned or purchased.

ZYNGA MAY, IN ITS
 SOLE DISCRETION LIMIT, SUSPEND, TERMINATE, MODIFY, OR DELETE ACCOUNTS OR ACCESS
 TO THE SERVICE OR ANY PORTION OF IT AND PROHIBIT ACCESS TO OUR GAMES AND SITES,
 AND THEIR CONTENT, SERVICES AND TOOLS, DELAY OR REMOVE HOSTED CONTENT AND ZYNGA
 IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO COMPENSATE YOU FOR ANY SUCH LOSSES OR RESULTS.

You 
may stop using the Service at any time and may request that We stop making 
active use of your data at any time by following the instructions in the Privacy
 Policy. Unless the local law where you are located requires otherwise, We are 
not required to provide refunds, benefits or other compensation if you request 
deletion of your Account.

The Service is comprised of works owned by Zynga, and
 it is protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent and other US and 
non-US intellectual property and other applicable laws, rules or regulations. 
Zynga owns, has licensed, or otherwise has rights to use all of the content that
 appears in the Service. These Terms do not grant you or any other party any 
right, title or interest in the Service or any content in the Service.

So long 
as you abide by these Terms and any other rules, including the Community Rules, 
Zynga grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable limited license 
subject to the limitations in these Terms, to access and use the Service using a
 Zynga supported web browser or mobile device solely for your own non-commercial
 entertainment purposes. You agree not to use the Service for any other purpose.


If you violate these Terms, or any of Our other terms that apply to you, We 
may take action against you, up to and including permanently suspending your 
account. In addition, you may be breaking the law, including violations of 
Zynga?s intellectual property rights. ANY ATTEMPT BY YOU TO DISRUPT OR INTERFERE
 WITH THE SERVICE INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION UNDERMINING OR MANIPULATING THE 
LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF ANY ZYNGA GAME IS A VIOLATION OF ZYNGA POLICY AND MAY BE
 A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS.

Regardless of what anything else says 
in these Terms, the Community Rules, or any other Feature Terms that apply to 
features you may choose to use, you do not own the Account that you create on 
Our Service, including in Our games, and your Account is not your property. This
 also applies to other stuff, like in-game currency or items, regardless of 
whether you ?earned? those items in a game or ?purchased? them. Your account and
 any related items are owned by Zynga. Zynga gives you a limited license to use 
your account and the related items while We offer the Services

WE MAY DELETE OR
 TERMINATE ACCOUNTS THAT ARE INACTIVE (I.E., NOT LOGGED INTO) FOR 180 DAYS.

IF 
YOU WANT US TO DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT, YOU CAN GO TO HERE FOR INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW 
TO MAKE THAT REQUEST.

You are not allowed to transfer Virtual Items outside of 
the Service (i.e., in the ?real world?), for example by selling, gifting, or 
trading them. We won?t recognize those transfers as legitimate. You are not 
allowed to sublicense, trade, sell or attempt to sell in-game Virtual Items for 
"real" money, or exchange Virtual Items for value of any kind outside of a game.
 Any such transfer or attempted transfer is prohibited and void, and We may 
terminate your Account because of it.

If you transmit or upload User Content on
 the Service, you agree that it will be:

Your User Content will be processed by
 Zynga in accordance with its Privacy Policy.

You own your User Content, but 
you give Zynga a perpetual and irrevocable (other than as provided below), 
worldwide, fully paid-up and royalty free, non-exclusive, license to use your 
User Content and any modified and derivative works thereof in connection with 
the Service, including in marketing and promotions. To the extent allowed by 
applicable laws, you waive any moral rights you may have in any User Content 
(like the right to be identified as the author of the User Content or the right 
to object to a certain use of that User Content).

Zynga?s license to your User 
Content ends when you request deletion of your User Content by submitting a 
request to privacy@zynga.com, or for Black Diamond Slots, email 
support@risingtidegames.com stating that you no longer want Zynga to use your 
User Content, with the following exceptions

If you request deletion of your 
User Content we will take reasonable steps to remove your User Content from 
active use, which may include suppression of your User Content in our systems. 
However, User Content may persist in our systems, including back-up copies. We 
may also retain copies of User Content if we are legally required to do so.


When you post your observations and comments on the Service such as in forums, 
blogs and chat features, We cannot guarantee that other players will not use the
 ideas and information that you share. If you have an idea or information that 
you would like to keep confidential and/or don?t want others to use, don?t post 
it. ZYNGA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY OTHER PERSON?S USE OR APPROPRIATION OF ANY 
CONTENT OR INFORMATION YOU POST IN ANY FORUMS, BLOGS AND CHAT ROOMS.

We have no
 obligation to monitor User Content and We are not responsible for monitoring 
the Service for inappropriate or illegal User Content or conduct by other 
players. That said, We have the right, in our sole discretion, to edit, refuse 
to post, or remove any User Content.

We may also, at our discretion, choose to 
monitor and/or record your interaction with the Service or your communications 
with Zynga or other players (including without limitation chat text and voice 
communications) when you are using the Service.

We are not responsible for 
information, materials, products or services provided by other players (for 
instance, in their profiles). However, if someone is violating these Terms or 
misusing the Service, please let Us know by using a "Report Abuse" link provided
 in the Service or contact Us at?Customer Support, or for Black Diamond Slots, 
email support@risingtidegames.com.

You are responsible for your interactions 
with other players. If you have a problem with another player, We are not 
required to get involved, but We can if We desire.

If you have a dispute with 
another player, you release Zynga and its officers, directors, agents, 
subsidiaries, joint ventures, and employees, and all Zynga Affiliates from 
responsibility, claims, demands and/or damages (actual or consequential) of 
every kind and nature, whether known or unknown, resulting from that dispute or 
connected to that dispute. This includes damages for loss of profits, goodwill, 
use or data.

If you live in California, you waive California Civil Code ?1542, 
which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does
 not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the 
release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his 
settlement with the debtor."

We provide a service in the form of access to 
games and Virtual Items. In the Service you may use "real world" money to obtain
 a limited license to use Virtual Items and/or other goods or services.

You get
 a limited license to Virtual Items by visiting the purchase page in one of our 
games, providing your billing information, confirming your request and re-
affirming your agreement to these Terms.

On Zynga.com, the payment page will 
let you know what you can use to pay when you make your purchase. We may change 
what you can use to pay from time to time, at Our sole discretion. Virtual Items
 purchased in Our games on other platforms such as Facebook, Apple iOS, or 
Android will be subject to those platforms? payment terms and conditions. Zynga 
does not control how you can pay on those platforms. Please review those 
platforms? terms of service for additional information.

When you get a limited 
license to use Virtual Items from our Services on Zynga.com, We may send you a 
confirmation email or text that will have details of the items you have ordered.
 Please check that the details in the confirmation message are correct as soon 
as possible and keep a copy of it for your records. Zynga keeps records of 
transactions in order to deal with any future questions about that transaction.


For Virtual Items, your order will represent an offer to Us to obtain a 
limited license for the relevant service(s) or virtual in-game item(s) which 
will be accepted by Us when We make the Virtual Items available in your account 
for you to use in our games or debit your credit card or other account through 
which you paid, whichever comes first. Your limited license to Virtual Items for
 use in Zynga games is a service provided by Zynga that starts when We accept 
your payment or redemption of third party virtual currency.

For orders to 
obtain a limited license to use Virtual Items, by clicking the button on the 
purchase window or page you:

You understand that while you may ?earn? "buy" or 
"purchase" Virtual Items in our Services, You do not legally "own" the Virtual 
Items and the amounts of any Virtual Item do not refer to any credit balance of 
real currency or its equivalent. Any "virtual currency" balance shown in your 
Account does not constitute a real-world balance or reflect any stored value, 
but instead constitutes a measurement of the extent of your limited license.


YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ZYNGA IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, 
AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL 
ITEMS WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR 
INVOLUNTARY, OR WHETHER YOU MADE A PAYMENT THROUGH ZYNGA.COM OR ANOTHER PLATFORM
 SUCH AS APPLE, GOOGLE, FACEBOOK, OR ANY OTHER SITES OR PLATFORMS WHERE WE OFFER
 OUR SERVICES.

You may also obtain a limited license to use Virtual Items by 
redeeming Zynga game cards or third party virtual currency.

PURCHASES OR 
REDEMPTIONS OF THIRD PARTY VIRTUAL CURRENCY TO ACQUIRE A LICENSE TO USE VIRTUAL 
ITEMS ARE NON-REFUNDABLE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW.

If you purchase 
third party currency or choose to make a payment in our Services through a third
 party (like Facebook, Apple, or Google), you are agreeing to the third party?s 
payment terms, and Zynga is not a party to the transaction.

Game Cards are also
 subject to additional terms, which can be found at Zynga Game Card Terms.

You 
agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an 
Account registered to you. Zynga may revise the pricing for the goods and 
services it licenses to you through the Service at any time.

Subscriptions are 
also subject to additional terms, which can be found at Subscription Terms.

For
 billing support, call our billing support team at 1-800-762-2530 (North 
America) or your country code + 80011551398 (all other countries). (Please note 
that telephone support for billing-related issues and questions is available in 
English only.) These telephone numbers are for billing related issues and 
questions ONLY. The person that answers the telephone at these billing support 
telephone numbers will NOT be able to help you with technical issues, game play,
 or in-game purchasing questions. They really are just there to help with 
billing questions.

For non-billing customer assistance, please go to 
http://www.zyngaplayersupport.com/, or for Black Diamond Slots, email 
support@risingtidegames.com.

From time to time, We may offer limited time 
promotions.? Please review the official rules (if any) associated with the 
promotion. They will apply in addition to these Terms.

In addition, from time 
to time, We may promote Offers. ?We are not required to give, and players are 
not required to accept, any Offer. Offers are not transferable, redeemable or 
exchangeable for other things of value, except at our sole discretion. ?If you 
accept any Offer, you may have to sign a declaration of eligibility and 
liability release, or sign other paperwork in order to get the Offer. ?Some 
Offers will be subject to taxes and other charges, travel, or activities outside
 of the virtual world, all of which will be disclosed before You accept the 
offer. ?If you accept an Offer you also assume all liability associated with the
 Offer.

Our Service and our games may feature advertisements from Us or other 
companies. ?Our Privacy Policy explains what information We share with 
advertisers. Please read it.

Sometimes We provide links in Our games or on the 
Service to other companies? websites or to companies who invite you to 
participate in a promotional offer and offer you some feature of the Service or 
upgrade (such as in-game currency) in exchange. Any charges or obligations you 
take on in dealing with these other companies are your responsibility.

We make 
no representation or promises about any content, goods or services these other 
companies provide, even if linked to or from Our Service or games. Also, just 
because We allow a link to be included in Our games or Service does not mean We 
endorse that linked site. We are not liable for any claim relating to any 
content, goods and/or services of third parties.

Please also note that the 
linked sites are not under our control and may collect data or ask you to 
provide them with your personal or other information, or they may automatically 
collect information from you. When you use other companies? services like these,
 the other company?s service may (or may not) ask you for permission to access 
your information and content. We are not responsible for these other companies? 
content, business practices or privacy policies, or for how they collect, use or
 share the information they get from you. Your relationship with that other 
company will control how it can use, store, and share your information.

We 
respect the intellectual property rights of others and ask that you should, too.
 We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the 
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (?DMCA?) and similar or equivalent local laws 
that may apply. For more information, please go to?Zynga's Copyright Page?to 
review our DMCA Notification Guidelines. We reserve the right to terminate any 
player's access to the Service if We determine that the player is a "repeat 
infringer." We do not have to notify the player before We do this. We also 
accommodate and do not interfere with standard technical measures copyright 
owners use to protect their materials.

Sometimes, We may request your feedback 
on certain features through a promotion or our customer insights program. Any 
feedback you provide at Our request through a promotion or program is subject to
 the rules of the specific promotion or program.

Any idea, information or 
feedback you submit to us without Our specific request is subject to Our 
Unsolicited Ideas Policy.

Neither Zynga nor any Zynga Affiliate makes any 
promise or guarantee that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free.

USE 
OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. IT IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. TO THE 
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ZYNGA AND ANY ZYNGA AFFILIATE MAKE NO 
WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS OR OTHER TERMS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
ABOUT THE SERVICES. ZYNGA AND ANY ZYNGA AFFILIATE DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF 
TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS OR OTHER TERMS OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

If your 
state or country does not allow these disclaimers, they do not apply to you. If 
your state or country requires a certain period for which a warranty applies, it
 will be either the shorter of 30 days from your first use of the Service or the
 shortest period required by law.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE WE AND ZYNGA 
AFFILIATES ARE NOT LIABLE

(1) FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL OR DATA, IN 
ANY WAY WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICE; 
OR

(2) FOR THE CONDUCT OF THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICE 
AND OPERATORS OF EXTERNAL SITES.

THE RISK OF USING THE SERVICE AND EXTERNAL 
SITES RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU AS DOES THE RISK OF INJURY FROM THE SERVICE AND 
EXTERNAL SITES.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY ANY LAW THAT APPLIES, THE 
DISCLAIMERS OF LIABILITY IN THESE TERMS APPLY TO ALL DAMAGES OR INJURY CAUSED BY
 THE SERVICE, OR RELATED TO USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICE, UNDER ANY 
CAUSE OF ACTION IN ANY JURISDICTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ACTIONS FOR 
BREACH OF WARRANTY, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE).

TO THE 
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF ZYNGA 
AND/OR THE ZYNGA AFFILIATES IS LIMITED TO THE TOTAL AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID ZYNGA 
AND/OR THE ZYNGA AFFILIATE IN THE ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY DAYS (180) DAYS 
IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT ANY SUCH CLAIM.

IF YOU
 HAVE NOT PAID ZYNGA OR ANY ZYNGA AFFILIATE ANY AMOUNT IN THE ONE HUNDRED AND 
EIGHTY DAYS (180) DAYS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT 
ANY SUCH CLAIM, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY DISPUTE WITH ZYNGA AND/OR
 ANY ZYNGA AFFILIATE IS TO STOP USING THE SERVICE AND TO CANCEL YOUR ACCOUNT.


Some states or countries do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the
 limitations/exclusions of liability described above. So these 
limitations/exclusions may not apply to you if you reside in one of those states
 or countries.

If you use or misuse the Service, or if you violate these Terms 
or any other applicable rules, including the Community Rules or Feature Terms, 
and that results in loss or damage or in a claim or liability against Zynga or 
any Zynga Affiliate, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Zynga 
and/or the Zynga Affiliate (which means you agree to compensate Zynga and/or the
 Zynga Affiliate on a "dollar for dollar" basis) for that loss, damage, claim or
 liability, including compensating Zynga and/or the applicable Zynga Affiliate 
for our legal fees or expenses. If Zynga or the Zynga Affiliate wants to, they 
are allowed to take exclusive charge of the defense of any case on which you are
 required to compensate or reimburse them, and it will be at your expense. You 
also have to cooperate in Zynga?s and/or the Zynga Affiliate?s defense of these 
cases. Zynga and/or the Zynga Affiliate will use reasonable efforts to let you 
know if they learn of any claim on which you have to compensate or reimburse 
them. This will apply even if you stop using the Services or your account is 
deleted.

THIS SECTION ONLY APPLIES TO PLAYERS IN THE US AND CANADA.

Before 
bringing a formal legal case, please first try contacting our Customer Support 
team at http://www.zyngaplayersupport.com/, or for Black Diamond Slots, email 
support@risingtidegames.com or try to find a resolution on one of our forums. 
Most disputes can be resolved that way.

We Both Agree to Arbitrate

If we can?t
 resolve our dispute through Customer Service or on our forums, you and Zynga or
 any member of the Zynga Corporate Family all agree to resolve any claims 
relating to the Terms, the Privacy Policy, Feature Terms or Zynga?s Services 
through final and binding arbitration. This applies to all kinds of claims under
 any legal theory, unless the claim fits in one of the exceptions in the 
Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate sub-section. It also applies even after you
 stopped using your Zynga account or deleted it.

An arbitration proceeding is 
before a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge and jury, so we are all giving up
 our right to a trial before a judge and jury. Arbitrations have different rules
 than lawsuits in court. They are less formal than lawsuits in courts, and 
provide limited opportunity to force the other side to share information 
relevant to the dispute?a process called discovery. The arbitrator can award the
 same damages and relief on an individual basis that a court can award to an 
individual. But, if any of us does not like the arbitrator?s decision, the 
courts only have a limited ability to change the outcome of arbitration or make 
the arbitrator reconsider his or her decision.

If we have a dispute about 
whether this agreement to arbitrate can be enforced or applies to our dispute, 
we all agree that the arbitrator will decide that, too.

We all agree that we 
will go to court to resolve disputes relating to

For more information about 
which court we can go to for resolving these types of disputes, see Section 19 
(Venue for Legal Disputes Not Subject to Arbitration).

Also, any of us can 
bring a claim in small claims court either in San Francisco, California, or the 
county where you live, or some other place we both agree on, if it qualifies to 
be brought in that court.

In addition, if you, Zynga or a Zynga Corporate 
Family member brings a claim in court that should be arbitrated or any of us 
refuses to arbitrate a claim that should be arbitrated, the other of us can ask 
a court to force us to go to arbitration to resolve the claim (i.e., compel 
arbitration). You, Zynga or the Zynga Corporate Family member may also ask a 
court to halt a court proceeding while an arbitration proceeding is ongoing.

We
 all agree that we can only bring a claim against each other on an individual 
basis.

If a court decides that this subsection on ?No Class Actions? is not 
enforceable or valid, then the entire Section 17 (Agreement to Arbitrate and 
Class Action Waiver) will be null and void (i.e., go away). But, the rest of the
 Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules, and Privacy Policy will still apply.


The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will run the arbitration between you 
and Zynga or the Zynga Corporate Family member, and AAA?s rules and procedures 
(including their Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes, if 
applicable) will be used. If something in these Terms is different than AAA?s 
rules and procedures, then we will follow these Terms instead. You can look at 
AAA?s rules and procedures on their website www.adr.org or you can call them at 
1-800-778-7879.

To start an arbitration proceeding, use the form on AAA?s 
website (www.adr.org) or call them at 1-800-778-7879.

You get to choose whether
 the arbitration will take place in the county or province where you live or in 
San Francisco, California. We could also hold the arbitration in some other 
place, but we both have to agree to that.

If your claim is for US$10,000 or 
less, you don?t have to have the arbitration in-person. If you don?t want to 
have it in-person, you can choose whether to have the arbitrator decide our 
dispute based on documents we both give to the arbitrator, or have a hearing by 
phone. If your claim is for more than US$10,000, we will follow AAA?s rules 
about whether the arbitration hearing has to be in-person.

The arbitrator has 
to follow the law that applies when deciding a dispute and either of us can 
challenge the arbitrator?s decision or award if the arbitrator didn?t follow the
 law.

Either of us involved in the arbitration can ask the arbitrator to put 
his or her decision or award, or his or her reasons for the decision or award, 
in writing. Also, either of us can take the arbitrator?s decision or award to a 
court to confirm it or enter a judgment on it (i.e., make it the same as a court
 judgment). Sometimes you can ask a court to change an arbitrator?s decision or 
award, but those circumstances are limited.

If your claim is for US$10,000 or 
less, Zynga will pay your filing, administration and arbitrator fees associated 
with the arbitration, if you ask. If you want Zynga to pay these fees, tell AAA 
when you start the arbitration proceeding and Zynga will make arrangements to 
pay them.

If your claim is for more than US $10,000, and arbitration is too 
expensive for you to afford when compared to filing a lawsuit in court, Zynga 
will pay for as much of your part of the filing, administration and arbitrator 
fees as the arbitrator decides is necessary to make the arbitration not too 
expensive for you.

We won?t try to have you pay Us back for covering your fees 
and We won?t try to make you cover our (or a Zynga Corporate Family member?s) 
fees unless the arbitrator decides that your claims are frivolous and it is fair
 to make you do this under the circumstances.

Changes to Section 17 on 
Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver

We will give you 60-days? notice
 by email or through the Service if We change Section 17 on our Agreement to 
Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver.

The Federal Arbitration Act (including its 
procedural provisions) is the law that will be applied to determine whether 
Section 17 (Agreement to Arbitrate and Class Action Waiver) can be enforced and 
how it should be interpreted.

Apart from that, if you are United States 
resident, these Terms and our relationship will be governed by California law, 
except for its conflicts of laws principles.

And, if you reside outside of the 
United States, and it is December 31, 2014, or earlier, these Terms and our 
relationship will be governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
except for its conflict of law provisions. If you reside outside the United 
States, and it is January 1, 2015, or later, these Terms and our relationship 
will be governed by Irish law, except for its conflicts of laws principles.

If 
you are a United States resident, judicial proceedings (other than small claims 
actions) that are excluded from the Arbitration Agreement in Section 17 must be 
brought in state or federal court in San Francisco, California, unless we both 
agree to some other location. You and Zynga both consent to venue and personal 
jurisdiction in San Francisco, California.

If you reside outside of the United 
States, and it is December 31, 2014, or earlier, judicial proceedings must be 
brought in the courts of Luxembourg, unless we both agree to some other 
location, and you and Zynga both consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in 
Luxembourg.

If you reside outside the United States, and it is January 1, 2015,
 or later, judicial proceedings must be brought in the courts of Ireland, unless
 we both agree to some other location, and you and Zynga both consent to venue 
and personal jurisdiction in Ireland.

Except as described in Section 17 under 
the ?No Class Actions? heading, if any part of these Terms, Feature Terms, 
Community Rules or the Privacy Policy is not enforceable, the rest of these 
Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules and the Privacy Policy still applies and 
is binding and any unenforceable term will be substituted reflecting our intent 
as closely as possible.

We may give our rights, or Our obligations, under these
 Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules, or our Privacy Policy to any person or 
entity at any time with or without your consent. You may not give your rights or
 your obligations under these Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules, or our 
Privacy Policy without first getting Zynga?s written consent, and any attempt to
 do so without our consent is void.

These Terms, and any other policies or 
rules We reference in these Terms, make up the entire agreement between you and 
Us relating to the subject matter of these Terms, and (except in the case of 
fraud or made a fraudulent misstatement) supersede all prior understandings of 
the parties relating to the subject matter of these Terms, whether those prior 
understandings were electronic, oral or written, or whether established by 
custom, practice, policy or precedent, between you and Us.

If We provide a 
translated version of these Terms, Feature Terms, the Community Rules, the Zynga
 Privacy Policy, or any other terms or policy, it is for informational purposes 
only. If the translated version means something different than the English 
version, then the English meaning will be the one that applies.

If We do not 
enforce a provision of these Terms, Feature Terms, the Community Rules, or our 
Privacy Policy, that does not waive our right to do so later. And, if We do 
expressly waive a provision of these Terms, Feature Terms, the Community Rules, 
or our Privacy Policy that does not mean it is waived for all time in the 
future. Any waiver must be in writing and signed by both you and Us to be 
legally binding.

We may notify you by posting something on www.zynga.com, or in
 the Zynga game(s) you play, and sending you an e-mail or using other ways of 
communicating with you based on the contact information you provide to Us.

If 
you are a player in the United States, and you have to give Us notice of 
something according to the Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules, or our Privacy
 Policy, the notice must be in writing and addressed to Zynga Inc., Attn: LEGAL 
DEPARTMENT, 699 8th Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, unless we have provided a 
more specific method way of notifying us.

If you are a player outside of the 
United States, and it is December 31, 2014, or earlier, and you have to give Us 
notice of something according to the Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules, or 
our Privacy Policy, the notice must be in writing and addressed to Zynga 
Luxembourg S.a.r.l. located at 15, rue Edward Steichen, L-2540, Luxembourg, 
unless we have provided a more specific method way of notifying us.

If you are 
a player outside of the United States, and it is January 1, 2015, or later, and 
you have to give Us notice of something according to the Terms, Feature Terms or
 the Zynga Privacy Policy, the notice must be in writing and addressed to: Zynga
 Game Ireland Limited located at 25-28 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland, 
unless we have provided a more specific method way of notifying us.

Any 
attempted notice that does not follow these rules has no legal effect.

You 
agree that given the unique and irreplaceable nature of the rights granted and 
obligations made under these Terms and the Community Rules, if you breach these 
Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules and/or our Privacy Policy, or intend to 
breach these Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules or Privacy Policy, money 
damages alone will not be enough to repair the harm to Zynga. Therefore, for 
disputes that are not required to be resolved through arbitration as described 
in Section 17, Zynga may seek injunctive or other equitable relief (e.g., get a 
court order to make you stop doing whatever you?re doing that is causing harm) 
if you breach or intend to breach these Terms, Feature Terms, Community Rules or
 our Privacy Policy and Zynga does not have to post any bond or surety or submit
 proof of damages.

You agree to limit your claims to claims for money damages, 
as limited by Section 15 (Limitations; Waivers of Liability). And, you agree not
 to seek injunctive or equitable relief or otherwise seek to stop Us from 
operating any aspect of the Service or any Zynga Game.

We are not liable for 
any changes or problems out of our control, for example changes or problems 
caused by like natural disasters, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of 
civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, network infrastructure 
failures, strikes, or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, 
labor or materials.