[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: https://myspace.com/pages/privacy ] 

 Myspace may also disclose any of your Restricted Information, and any other 
information we have received from or about you, as set forth in the following 
subsections. In addition, Myspace may use and disclose your information for 
other purposes when you provide us with prior consent to use your information in
 such a manner.

We may use any information we collect from and about Users in 
connection with providing and managing the Myspace Services. This may include, 
among other things: (i) measuring and improving the Myspace Services; (ii) 
facilitating your participation in online games, contests or promotions; (iii) 
enabling you to communicate and share with other Users; (iv) recommending 
content or connections (including other Users) to you; (v) analyzing and 
disclosing your ranking or affinity to certain content or Users to anyone; (vi) 
providing you with customer support and other requested services; and (vii) 
responding to your inquiries.

We may make your information available to our 
agents and service providers so that they can provide requested services on our 
behalf. These third parties assist us in providing and managing the Myspace 
Services in a variety of ways, including by: (i) developing or supporting 
products and features; (ii) supporting our marketing efforts (e.g., conducting 
e-mail marketing campaigns on our behalf); (iii) processing payments; (iv) 
administering message boards; (v) fulfilling orders; (vi) processing data or 
statistics; (vii) hosting media content; (viii) reviewing content for compliance
 with the Terms of Use; and (ix) assisting with the administration, judging, and
 prize fulfillment aspects of contests, promotions, and sweepstakes.

When you 
choose to use a Third-Party Linked Service, you are authorizing the Myspace 
Services to share information generated by or available on the Myspace Services,
 including Personal Information, with Third-Party Linked Services, including, 
but not limited to:

Your decision to use, link to, install, integrate with or 
share with, a Third-Party Linked Service when accessing or using the Myspace 
Services is completely voluntary. Myspace?s sharing of information with Third-
Party Linked Services from the Myspace Services is governed by this Policy. 
Myspace is not responsible for the data collection and privacy practices by the 
Third-Party Linked Service provider, however. You are encouraged to review the 
privacy policy and terms of service governing the use of the Third-Party Linked 
Service in order to understand how the Third-Party Linked Service will use the 
information you authorized Myspace to share on your behalf.

Myspace uses third-
party analytics providers and products to obtain, compile, and analyze 
information (that may include your Profile Content (both Public Information and 
Restricted Information), Demographic Information, Usage Information and/or 
Device Identifiers about how Users are using and interacting with the Myspace 
Services. Myspace may provide such information to these analytics providers for 
the purpose of obtaining statistics and other information about how Users are 
using and interacting with the Myspace Services.

These analytics providers may 
use their own Web Technologies to provide us with these services and may 
otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including your 
Profile Content, Demographic Information, Usage Information and/or Device 
Identifiers. We are not responsible for those third-party Web Technologies or 
activities arising out of them. Some third-party analytics providers may offer 
you certain choices regarding their practices, some of which can be found here. 
We are not responsible for the effectiveness of or compliance with any third 
parties' opt-out choices.

Myspace uses Public Information and Restricted 
Information in connection with User search inquiries to establish potential 
matches to search criteria using tools made available as part of the MySpace 
Services. We make good faith efforts not to display to other Users your 
Restricted Information except in accordance with your Profile Settings. Please 
note that Members under the self-reported age of 18 (other than respect to 
Artist Profiles for artists whose indicated age is under the age of 18 and may 
appear in people browse results) are not intended to show up in the results of 
Myspace?s ?people browse? feature, which allows Users to browse for Members 
based on certain criteria inputted by the User. Please contact us here if you 
notice any discrepancy.

To make your experience more interesting or relevant, 
we may use information you provide, or that we collect about you (e.g., Profile 
Content, including without limitation page views, queries, media consumption, 
and connections between your Profile and other Profiles or content pages), and 
information we may collect from other Users and third parties (e.g., Facebook or
 Twitter), to assist us in recommending Member and content connections to you on
 Myspace. Myspace may also combine your information with information collected 
by IMH affiliates or others to improve the Myspace Services and to make content 
recommendations to you both on and off of the Myspace Services.

As part of the 
Myspace Services, your Usage Information and Profile Content (including video 
viewing and audio access) may be shared with other Users. To make your content 
consumption experience more social and fun, to improve services, to perform 
analytics, to compare your usage to other Users, to rank your linkages with 
certain content or Users, and to better make suggestions about other content, we
 may use any of the information you provide and the information we collect about
 you and we may share the content of the media that you access on or through the
 Myspace Services with other Users. We may also share your media access through 
Myspace Services (including video viewing and audio content access) as an 
activity notification by activity notification by, for example, sharing your 
Profile content (including your full name, username and Profile Picture) on the 
content page where such video or audio resides. Additionally, your activity may 
be indicated on your own Profile (in your activity stream or elsewhere) and on 
your connections' Profile, in each case, both on the Myspace Website, and on any
 other Myspace Services, including for example, the Myspace mobile App. Other 
examples of activities that may generate Activity Notifications include, but are
 not limited to: (i) posting status updates; (ii) commenting on a post; (iii) 
sharing content or posting on the Myspace Services; (iv) sharing content or 
posting to a Third-Party Linked Service; (v) connecting to a Profile or content 
(e.g., a photo, photo album, video, song, etc.); (vi) being tagged in a photo; 
(vii) commenting on a photo album; (viii) adding a photo to a photo album; (ix) 
playing a song or watching a video; (x) adding a song to a mix; (xi) updating a 
Profile; and (xii) adding a cover photo. An example of an actual Activity 
Notification on the Myspace Services is the following: "John Doe listened to the
 song 'True Love Waits'." Activity Notifications may include Profile Content 
(e.g., your full name and Profile photo), and some may aggregate your activity 
with activity of third parties (e.g., "John Doe and Sally Smith connected to a 
photo.").

Myspace makes this feature public to everyone by default, and anyone 
can see these Activity Notifications. Note that if your Profile is a Restricted 
Profile, the Profiles that you have allowed to connect to you will still see 
your Activity Notifications regarding your content consumption on Myspace. From 
time-to-time we may offer you with options, such as an option to opt out on a 
session basis, or a persistent basis, from Activity Notifications related to 
your content consumption. For more information, please visit here. Session 
settings are intended to last only as long as your Myspace page is open in your 
browser. If you close your browser, the session-based setting will be reset to 
public, and your song and video play Activity Notifications will default to the 
visibility setting associated with your Profile's visibility. You should always 
check the content consumption Activity Notification setting each time you use 
the Myspace Services, so that you are aware of and comfortable with your media 
consumption appearing as Activity Notifications.

We may use Usage Information 
(such as about your media consumption, connections to content pages or Profiles,
 and posts regarding content pages or Profiles), and your Profile Content, to 
rank affinity to other Profiles and content. This allows us to identify "Top 
Fans", and we may use your Public Information to display that you are a Top Fan 
of an artist, other Profile, or a piece of content. Top Fan status is Public 
Information ? anyone may see your status as a Top Fan. We also may provide 
analytics tools to Artist Profiles that allow the owners of such Artist Profiles
 to see Public Information of Users who strongly engage with the Artist Profile 
or the content pages controlled by the Artist Profile (e.g., videos or songs or 
such Artist Profile), including Users that are not connected to the Artist 
Profile.

Unless otherwise noted, your consumption of media on the Myspace 
Services will be Public Information.

To Provide Activity Notifications To 
Provide Activity Notifications To Provide Activity Notifications. For additional
 information on our video sharing practices, please review the terms of the 
Video Privacy Policy, which supplement this Policy.

Myspace may periodically 
send promotional materials or notifications related to Myspace Services or the 
services or products of Myspace's partners to the e-mail address you provided to
 us in your Registration Information or to the messaging functionality of your 
Profile(s). By maintaining an Account and/or using Myspace Services, you consent
 to the receipt of promotional materials or notifications to your e-mail address
 or Profile(s). If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from 
Myspace, you may unsubscribe by changing your Profile Settings or following the 
unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the relevant e-mail from Myspace. 
Please note that your opt-out request will not apply to subsequent or different 
subscriptions, or to certain transactional communications relating to your 
Account or use of the Myspace Services (e.g., administrative and service 
announcements). You may continue to receive transactional messages from Myspace 
even if you choose to opt-out from receiving our marketing or promotional 
communications.

For more information, please see Section 10 below titled 
"Managing Your Information On, And Communications From, Myspace."

Many of the 
Myspace Services are free to Users because they are supported by advertising. We
 strive to make the advertising on the Myspace Services as relevant to you as 
possible. As a result, you may be served ads that are personalized based on, for
 example, your location, age, gender, content consumption, connections and other
 information, and we and third parties may use Web Technologies to deliver these
 ads. Additionally, we may share your Personal Information, Demographic 
Information, Usage Information, Device Identifiers, and any other information 
that we receive or collect with third parties (including IMH affiliates and our 
third-party advertising partners) in order to enable customization of the 
advertising displayed on the Myspace Services, other websites across the 
internet and other platforms, services and networks, including mobile and other 
connected Device platforms, and for other purposes not prohibited by this 
Policy. The parties with whom we may share your information may supplement your 
information with information they receive about you from others, in order to 
customize the advertisements they serve. They may also, in turn, share your 
information with others. If you do not wish for Myspace to use or share your 
information for purposes of personalized advertising, please click here to 
adjust your Myspace privacy settings. For additional information regarding the 
privacy practices of our third-party advertising partners, as well as the 
choices that they may make available to you, please click here.

Myspace and 
Myspace?s ad-technology provider(s), including, for example, any IMH-affiliated 
company, and third-party providers, may also use Profile Content (both Public 
Information and Restricted Information) when delivering advertisements to you, 
your Myspace connections, other Users, and other users on any IMH-affiliated 
company advertising network or third-party advertising networks, including for 
example, by including your full name, username and/or photo in, or in connection
 with, sponsored content and advertisements.

If you do not wish for Myspace to 
use or share your information for purposes of personalized advertising, please 
click here to adjust your Myspace privacy settings.

To the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, Myspace may also disclose User information if we 
believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to: (i) protect 
or defend the rights, safety or property of Myspace or third parties (including 
through the enforcement of this Policy, our Terms of Use, and other applicable 
agreements and policies); or (ii) comply with legal and regulatory obligations 
(e.g., pursuant to law enforcement inquiries, subpoenas, court orders or consent
 decrees). To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Myspace has 
complete discretion in electing to make or not make such disclosures, and to 
contest or not contest requests for such disclosures, all without notice to you.
 More information is available in our Law Enforcement Guidelines.

Myspace may 
disclose User information in the event we file for bankruptcy, or in connection 
with certain types of business transactions that result in corporate change. For
 example, if Myspace is or may be (or substantially all of its assets are or may
 be) acquired by a third party pursuant to an acquisition, merger, sale, 
reorganization, liquidation, or similar business transfer, we may disclose and 
transfer User information to the parties involved in the transaction (e.g., in 
connection with due diligence efforts or as a transferred asset).

Certain areas
 of the Myspace Services may be provided to you in association with third 
parties ("Co-Branded Areas") such as sponsors, charities and political 
organizations and will generally require you to disclose Personal Information to
 them. Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party and indicate if they 
have a privacy policy that applies to their collection and use of you 
information. If you elect to register for products and/or services, communicate 
with such third parties or download their content or applications, at Co-Branded
 Areas, you may be providing your information to both us and the third party. 
Further, if you sign-in to a Co-Branded Area with a username and password 
obtained on the Myspace Services, your Personal Information may be disclosed to 
the identified third parties for that Co-Branded Area. We are not responsible 
for such third party's data collection or practices and you should look to such 
third-party privacy policies for more information.

We may offer sweepstakes, 
contests, and other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") through the Myspace 
Services that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are
 agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain 
specific requirements of you, including, allowing the sponsor of the Promotion 
to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated 
with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, Personal Information may
 be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the 
administration of such Promotion, including, in connection with winner 
selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the 
Promotion's official rules, such as on a winners list.