[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: https://www.netflix.com/privacypolicy ] 

 This Privacy Statement explains our practices regarding the collection, use, and
 disclosure of certain information, including your personal information, by the 
Netflix family of companies ("Netflix").

For any questions concerning your 
account, please visit our online help center at https://help.netflix.com, where 
you will also find information on how to contact our Customer Service for 
assistance. For questions specifically concerning this Privacy Statement, or our
 use of your personal information, cookies or similar technologies, please 
contact us via email at privacy@netflix.com. Alternatively, you can write to us 
at the following address: Individuals who reside in Brazil are being provided 
the service by Netflix Entretenimento Brasil, Ltda. Av. Bernardino de Campos, 98
 - 4? andar - sala 36, Paraiso, Cep 04004-040 SP Brasil. Otherwise, Netflix, 
Inc. (address above) is providing the service to you and is the data controller 
(where applicable). Please note that if you contact us to assist you, for your 
safety and ours we may need to authenticate your identity before fulfilling your
 request.

We disclose your information for certain purposes and to third 
parties, as described below: The Netflix family of companies: We share your 
information among the Netflix family of companies as needed for: data processing
 and storage; providing you with access to our services; providing customer 
support; making decisions about service improvements, content development; and 
for other purposes described in the Use of Information section of this Privacy 
Statement. Service Providers: We use other companies, agents or contractors 
("Service Providers") to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the
 provision of services to you. For example, we engage Service Providers to 
provide marketing, advertising, communications, infrastructure and IT services, 
to personalize and optimize our service, to process credit card transactions or 
other payment methods, to provide customer service, to collect debts, to analyze
 and enhance data (including data about users' interactions with our service), 
and to process and administer consumer surveys. In the course of providing such 
services, these Service Providers may have access to your personal or other 
information. We do not authorize them to use or disclose your personal 
information except in connection with providing their services. Promotional 
offers: We may offer joint promotions or programs that, in order for your 
participation, will require us to share your information with third parties. In 
fulfilling these types of promotions, we may share your name and other 
information in connection with fulfilling the incentive. Please note that these 
third parties are responsible for their own privacy practices. Protection of 
Netflix and others: Netflix and its Service Providers may disclose and otherwise
 use your personal and other information where we or they reasonably believe 
such disclosure is needed to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal 
process, or governmental request, (b) enforce applicable terms of use, including
 investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or 
otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities (including payment 
fraud), security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights,
 property or safety of Netflix, its users or the public, as required or 
permitted by law. Business transfers: In connection with any reorganization, 
restructuring, merger or sale, or other transfer of assets, we will transfer 
information, including personal information, provided that the receiving party 
agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with 
our Privacy Statement. Whenever in the course of sharing information we transfer
 personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area and 
other regions with comprehensive data protection laws, we will ensure that the 
information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Statement and as 
permitted by the applicable laws on data protection. You may also choose to 
disclose your information in the following ways: While using the Netflix service
 you will have opportunities to post reviews or other information publicly, and 
third parties could use the information you disclose; Certain portions of our 
service may contain a tool which gives you the option to share information by 
email, text message and social or other sharing applications, using the clients 
and applications on your smart device; Social plugins (including those offered 
by Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Google) allow you to share information on 
those platforms. Social plugins and social applications are operated by the 
social network themselves, and are subject to their terms of use and privacy 
policies.

Access to Your Account and Profiles In order to provide you with ease
 of access to your account and to help administer the Netflix service, we 
implement technology that enables us to recognize you as the account holder and 
provide you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype 
any password or other user identification when you revisit the Netflix service. 
You can choose not to take advantage of this feature on your computer by 
unchecking the box "Remember me on this device" when you log in to the website. 
To remove access to your Netflix account from your devices: (a) visit "Your 
Account", choose "Sign out of all devices", and follow the instructions to 
deactivate your devices (note, deactivation may not occur immediately) or (b) 
delete your Netflix settings from your device (steps vary by device and the 
option is not available on all devices). Where possible, users of public or 
shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit. If you sell or 
return a computer or Netflix ready device, you should log-out and deactivate the
 device before doing so. If you do not maintain the security of your password or
 device, or fail to log out or deactivate your device, subsequent users may be 
able to access your account, including your personal information. If you share 
or otherwise allow others to have access to your account, they will be able to 
see your information, including in some cases personal information, such as your
 watch history, ratings, reviews and account information (including your email 
address or other information in Your Account). This remains true even if you use
 our profiles feature. Profiles allow different members of your household to 
have a distinct, personalized Netflix experience, built around the movies and TV
 shows they enjoy, such as personalized recommendations and separate watch 
histories. Please note that profiles are freely available to everyone who uses 
your Netflix account, so that anyone with access to your Netflix account can 
navigate to and use, edit or delete any profile. You should explain this to 
others with access to your account, and if you do not wish them to use or update
 your profile, be sure to let them know.

If you no longer want to receive 
certain communications from us via email, simply access the "Email preferences" 
link on the "Your Account" page of our website and uncheck those items to 
unsubscribe, or click the "unsubscribe" link in the email. Please note that you 
cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us, such as messages 
relating to your account transactions. You can opt in to receive push 
notifications from Netflix. If you subsequently decide you no longer wish to 
receive these notifications, you can use your mobile device?s settings 
functionality to turn them off. To exercise choices regarding cookies set 
through our website, as well as other types of online tracking and Internet 
advertising, see the Cookies and Internet Advertising section (below).

We give 
you access and the ability to update a broad range of information about your 
account, including your contact information and your communication preferences 
in the "Your Account" portion of our website. You must be signed in to access 
"Your Account." If you have a question regarding our privacy practices, or want 
to exercise your rights regarding your personal information, please contact us 
at privacy@netflix.com.

The Netflix service may be provided through platforms 
or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the
 handling of information may differ from ours. For example, you may be able to 
access the Netflix service through platforms such as gaming systems, smart TVs, 
mobile devices, set top boxes and a number of other Internet connected devices. 
These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy or data 
policies, privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you 
read carefully. In addition, you may encounter third party applications that 
interact with the Netflix service.

You must be 18 years of age or older to 
subscribe to the Netflix service. In certain jurisdictions, the age of majority 
may be older than 18, in which case, you must satisfy that age in order to 
become a member. While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the service, 
they may do so only with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent 
or legal guardian.

Changes to This Privacy Statement We will update this 
Privacy Statement from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or
 operational requirements. We will provide notice of any such changes (including
 when they will take effect) in accordance with law. Your continued use of the 
Netflix service after any such updates take effect will constitute acceptance of
 those changes. If you do not accept any updates to this Privacy Statement, you 
may cancel your use of the Netflix service. To see when this Privacy Statement 
was last updated, please see the "Last Updated" section below.

We and our 
Service Providers use cookies and other technologies (such as web beacons) for 
various reasons. For example, we use cookies and other technologies to make it 
easy to access our services by remembering you when you return, to provide and 
analyze our services, to learn more about our users and their likely interests, 
and to deliver and tailor marketing or advertising. We want you to be informed 
about our use of these technologies, so this notice explains the types of 
technologies we use, what they do and your choices regarding their use. What are
 cookies? Cookies are small data files that are commonly stored on your device 
when you browse and use websites and online services. They are widely used to 
make websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting
 information and assist with service or advertising personalization. Cookies are
 not the only types of technology that enable this functionality; we also use 
other, similar types of technologies. See below for more information and 
examples. Why does Netflix use cookies? We and our Service Providers may use the
 following types of cookies: Essential cookies: These cookies are strictly 
necessary to provide our website or online service. For example, we or our 
Service Providers may use these cookies to authenticate and identify our members
 when they use our websites and applications so we can provide our service to 
them. They also help us to enforce our Terms of Use, prevent fraud and maintain 
the security of our service. Performance and functionality cookies: These 
cookies are not essential, but help us to personalize and enhance your online 
experience with Netflix. For example, they help us to remember your preferences 
and prevent you from needing to re-enter information you previously provided 
(for example, during member sign up). We also use these cookies to collect 
information (such as popular pages, conversion rates, viewing patterns, click-
through and other information) about our visitors' use of the Netflix service so
 that we can enhance and personalize our website and service and conduct market 
research. Deletion of these types of cookies will result in limited 
functionality of our service. Advertising cookies: These cookies use information
 about your visit to this and other websites, such as the pages you visit, your 
use of our service or your response to ads and emails, to deliver ads that are 
more relevant to you. These types of ads are called "Interest-Based 
Advertising." Many of the advertising cookies associated with our service belong
 to our Service Providers. How can I exercise choice regarding cookies and other
 types of online tracking? For more information about cookies set through our 
website, as well as other types of online tracking (including the collection of 
information by third parties about your online activities over time and across 
third-party Web sites or online services for online interest based advertising),
 and to exercise choices regarding them, click here. At this time, we do not 
respond to Web browser "do not track" signals. How Does Netflix use Web Beacons 
and other Technologies? Web beacons (also known as clear gifs or pixel tags) 
often work in conjunction with cookies. We and our Service Providers may use 
them for similar purposes as cookies, such as to understand and enhance the use 
of our service, improve site performance, monitor visitor traffic and actions on
 our site, and understand interactions with our marketing (including email and 
online ads on third party sites). Because web beacons often work in conjunction 
with cookies, in many cases, declining cookies will impair the effectiveness of 
web beacons. We use other technologies that are similar to cookies, such as 
browser storage and plugins (e.g., HTML5, IndexedDB, and WebSQL). Like cookies, 
some of these technologies may store small amounts of data on your device. We 
may use these and various other technologies for similar purposes as cookies, 
such as to enforce our terms, prevent fraud, and analyze the use of our service.
 There are a number of ways to exercise choice regarding these technologies. For
 example, many popular browsers provide the ability to clear browser storage, 
commonly in the settings or preferences area; see your browser?s help function 
or support area to learn more. Other technologies, such as Silverlight storage, 
may be cleared from within the application.

To see the prior version of this 
document, please go to www.netflix.com/privacyupdates.