[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: http://about.ask.com/privacy-policy ] 

 Last Updated On: December 18, 2013

 

 At Ask.com, we respect your privacy, and
 we understand the importance of the information you entrust to us. This Privacy
 Policy describes our practices concerning the information collected by the Ask 
family of companies consisting of IAC Search & Media, Inc., APN, LLC and 
Mindspark Interactive Network, Inc.? (?Ask?, ?we?, ?us?, ?our?) through the use 
of (i) our websites (the ?Website?), (ii) our Ask mobile applications and (iii) 
?Search Applications,?? a search box on an application or site from which you 
can access our search services, specifically provided by APN, LLC and/or 
Mindspark Interactive Network, Inc.(collectively the ?Services?).

Below we 
describe what information we collect when you use our Services, how we protect 
that information, how long we retain it, with whom we share it, and what your 
privacy options are.? By using the Services, you consent to our collection and 
use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.

We will continue 
to evaluate this Privacy Policy against new technologies, business practices, 
and our users? needs, and may make changes to the Privacy Policy accordingly.? 
Please check this page periodically for updates.? If we make any material 
changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy here, 
along with its effective date, and notify you by email or by means of a notice 
on our Website.? Your continued use of the Services after our posting of changes
 to this Privacy Policy means that you agree to be bound by such changes.


1.???????? What information do we collect about you?

We explain below the main 
ways that we collect and process information about you.

Information You Provide
 To Us:

Your use of the Services may require registration, in which case we 
will ask you to provide certain personal information, including an email 
address, username, and password.? You may also decide to provide us with some 
optional demographic information to enhance your profile, such as your country 
of residence, home address, education, interests, and communications 
preferences.

You may also provide personal information to us, if you choose to:


Depending on which of these or any other Services you use, the personal 
information you provide may include your name, email address, user name, home 
address, telephone number, information posted by you on sites accessed via the 
Services.?? Also, if you choose to login to a product or feature accessed 
through a Search Application via a social networking site, you are granting us 
permission to access and use information about you provided by the social 
network.? For example, if you use a social network feature to login to a product
 accessed through a Search Application, per such social network?s policies, they
 may provide us access to you and your friends names, pictures, genders, user 
Ids, connections and any content shared using an ?Everyone? or similar privacy 
setting. Please be aware, that by posting information to message boards, chat 
groups or social networking facilities available via the Services, you will be 
making this information available to other users of these Services to the 
public.? You should be careful about revealing any sensitive details about 
yourself.

Information We Collect When You Use The Services:

When you use the 
Services, we automatically collect and store certain information about your 
computer or device and your activities, including:

(6) ?????? The URL of the 
last webpage you visited before visiting the Website

(7) ?????? Information 
about your activity on the Services (e.g., your search queries, mis-formatted 
DNS entries, search results selected, clicks, pages viewed, search history, 
comments);

(8)??? If you are using a mobile device, your mobile device?s 
geographic location (specific geographic location if you?ve enabled collection 
of that information, or general geographic location automatically).? Please see 
the section ?Mobile Device Location Information? below for further information.


(9)??? If you installed a Search Application, we may also collect information 
about that Search Application (e.g. the specific release date and distribution 
source of your Search Application, a unique Search Application ID, Search 
Application partner ID, the ads you click on, and information contained in error
 log files or cookies, aggregate query or click data and erroneous domain name 
system requests).

2.???????? How do we use the information we collect?

We use 
the information we collect from and about you for a variety of purposes, 
including to:

We may also generate, use and disclose aggregated and/or 
anonymized information and statistics about your use of the Services to third 
parties for marketing, analytical and strategic purposes. However, no user of 
our Services will be individually identifiable from the aggregated and/or 
anonymized information and statistics.

3.???????? How do we share the 
information we collect?

We will not share the personal information we collect 
about you with any third party for their own marketing purposes without your 
consent.? We will share your information in the following ways:

Cookies.? We 
use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons and other such similar technologies to 
collect and store the information we automatically collect about your computer, 
device and Service usage. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your 
computer and a pixel tag (also called a web beacon or clear GIF) is a tiny 
graphic with a unique identifier, embedded invisibly on a webpage (or an online 
ad or email). We use the term ?cookies? in this policy to refer to cookies and 
all such similar technologies.

There are two broad categories of cookies: (1) 
first party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device, 
and (2) third party cookies, which are served by a third party on our behalf.? 
Cookies have a lot of jobs.? For example, our cookies enable us to recognize you
 (e.g. as a registered user) when you visit our website and to store your 
preferences and settings.? We use third party cookies for functionality, 
performance / analytics, advertising and social media purposes.? Cookies from 
advertising companies, for example, help to ensure that the advertisements you 
see online are more relevant to you and your interests.? To understand more 
about cookies and pixel tags, click here.

How To Control Or Delete Cookies:

 
_____________________________________________________________________________

 
NOTICE REGARDING ASK ERASER

Please note that Ask will discontinue its AskEraser
 feature on January 15, 2014.? AskEraser is a privacy feature from Ask that when
 enabled, deletes your search activity from Ask?s servers in most 
circumstances.? However, even without Ask Eraser, you can use your browser?s 
support or help settings to disable Ask cookies from collecting this information
 in the first place. Detailed information about how to disable Ask.com cookies 
can be found below.

Most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. 
Users can usually set their browsers to block all third-party cookies (which are
 those set by third-party companies collecting information on websites operated 
by other companies), block all cookies (including first-party cookies such as 
the ones Ask uses to collect search activity information about its users), or 
block specific cookies.? These settings will typically be found in the ?options?
 or ?preferences? menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, 
the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the ?Help? option 
in your browser for more details.

Please note that if you choose to block 
cookies, this may interfere with certain functionality on our website.? Also, if
 you have disabled one or more cookies, we may still use information collected 
from cookies prior to your disabled preference being set; however, we will stop 
using the disabled cookie to collect any further information.

Third parties 
whose products or services are accessible or advertised through the Services, 
including social networking services, may also use cookies or similar tools, and
 we advise you to check their privacy policies for information about their 
cookies and other practices.? We do not control the practices of such partners 
and their privacy policies govern their interactions with you.? We encourage you
 to read their privacy policies.

Online Behavioral Advertising and Mobile.? 
Advertisers and advertising networks place ads (including sponsored links in 
search results) on our website and in our mobile applications. These companies, 
as well as data analytics companies who service them, may use cookies, pixel 
tags, mobile device IDs and other similar technologies to collect data about you
 when you visit our site.? They use the data to enable them to track your 
activity across various sites where they display ads and record your activities,
 so they can show ads that they consider relevant to you.? You may opt-out of 
receiving targeted online advertising from advertising networks that is 
delivered on Ask.com and other websites by visiting the following websites:


Please bear in mind that there are many more companies listed on these sites 
than those that drop cookies on our website.

If you are using an Ask mobile 
application, we use your unique mobile device ID number to recognize you when 
you use the application and to store your preferences and settings. Advertising 
companies may also use and store your mobile device ID to show ads that they 
consider relevant to you in various mobile services that you use.

If you are 
using an iOS device and you do not want to receive tailored in-application ads 
that relate to your interests, you may opt-out by accessing the following link 
on your device:? http://oo.apple.com.? If you are using an iOS6 device, you also
 may limit the delivery of tailored ads by: Open Settings and tap ?General? then
 tap ?About?; Scroll to the bottom of About and tap ?Advertising?; Flip ?Limit 
Ad Tracking? to ON.? If you are using an Android device and you do not wish to 
receive tailored in-application ads, you can visit Google?s Ads Preferences?page
 from a browser on your device and make your choices there.? We do not control 
how the applicable platform operator allows you to control receiving tailored 
in-application ads; thus, you should contact the platform provider if the above 
options are no longer available.

Mobile Device Location Information.? When you 
use one of our location-enabled services (for example, when you access Services 
from a mobile device), we may need to collect and process information about your
 actual GPS location (including the latitude, longitude or altitude of your 
mobile device) and the time the location information was recorded.? Some of 
these services require your personal data for the feature to work and we may 
associate location data with your device ID and other information we hold about 
you.? We keep this data for no longer than is reasonably necessary for providing
 our services.? If you wish to use the particular feature, you will be asked to 
consent to your data being used for this purpose. You can withdraw your consent 
at any time by disabling the relevant feature.? If you do not want your location
 information collected when you use the Services from a mobile device, please 
follow these instructions:

If you would like to review, change or delete 
personal information we have collected from you, please contact the Ask Privacy 
Officer:

If you would like to permanently delete your Ask.com account, please 
access the ?Your Account? tab on the Settings page, and follow the instructions 
there.

Do Not Track.? Do Not Track (?DNT?) is a privacy preference that users 
can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and 
services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits 
collected over time and across websites or online services.

We are committed to
 providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our 
website for third party purposes, and that is why we provide the Network 
Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out links above.
 However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as 
the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what 
DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding
 to DNT.

6.???????? How do we keep the information we collect secure?

We take 
the security of your personal information seriously and use appropriate 
technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information 
against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, 
destruction or damage.? We also limit access to personal information about you 
to employees who reasonably need access to it to provide products or services to
 you, or in order to do their jobs.? However, because no security system can be 
100% effective, we cannot completely guarantee the security of any information 
we may have collected from or about you.

7.???????? How long do we keep the 
information we collect?

We retain the information we collect about and from you
 for as long as necessary to fulfill a business purpose or comply with a legal 
request.? We may also choose to anonymize certain of the information you provide
 to us so that it can no longer be attributed to you if we would like to retain 
it for longer periods of time.

The Services are not intended for users under 
the age of 13.? We do not knowingly collect any personal information from 
children under 13.? If we become aware that a person submitting information is 
under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible.? You 
hereby represent that you are at least 13.

If you are visiting the Services 
from outside the United States, your data will be transferred to and stored in 
our servers in the U.S.? By using the Services, you consent to our collection 
and use of your data as described in this Privacy Policy.

The Ask.com Website 
and mobile applications are certified under the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework 
and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of 
Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information 
from EU member countries and Switzerland.

Ask.com has further committed to 
refer unresolved privacy complaints regarding the Website or mobile applications
 under the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent 
dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR, operated by the Council of
 Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your 
complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by us, please 
visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints 
for more information and to file a complaint.

To learn more about the Safe 
Harbor program, and to view Ask.com?s certification for the Website and mobile 
applications, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.