[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: http://about.ask.com/terms-of-service/ ] 

 IAC Search and Media, Inc. d/b/a Ask.com (?Ask?) provides the Ask.com site (the 
?Site?) and the offered services and features (the ?Services?) subject to these 
Terms of Service (?Terms of Service?). By using the Site and Services, you are 
deemed to accept and be bound by these Terms of Service, INCLUDING A MANDATORY 
ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER CONTAINED IN SECTION 16 
BELOW.? If you do not accept these Terms of Service, please discontinue using 
the Site and Services. Your use of the Site or a service included within the 
Site may also be subject to additional terms that govern particular services, 
offers, or features, such as community or chat areas or special promotions or 
contests or sweepstakes (the ?Additional Terms?). In the event that any of the 
provisions in these Terms of Service conflict with Additional Terms provided 
with any particular service, then these Terms of Service shall control. The 
Terms of Service applies regardless of the device used to access the Site and/or
 Services (e.g., personal computer, a mobile device or any other technology or 
software known today or developed in the future).

Links to the various sections
 in these Terms of Service are provided below for your convenience.

1. 
Modification of These Terms of Service

These Terms of Service may change from 
time to time, without any notice other than posting on the relevant page. Your 
continued use of the Site and Services following our posting of changes 
constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. Please check this page from 
time to time for current Terms of Service.

For all questions about how we use 
the information we obtain through your use of the Site and Services, please 
visit our Privacy Policy. By using the Site and Services, you agree to also be 
bound to the Privacy Policy.

3. Your License to Access Content on Site

All 
right, title and interest to the content displayed on the Site, including but 
not limited to the Site?s look and feel, data, information, text, graphics, 
images, sound or video materials, photographs, designs, trademarks, service 
marks, trade names, URLs and content provided by third parties, are the property
 of Ask, or respective third parties, and are protected by copyright, trademark,
 patent or other proprietary rights and laws. Any such content may be used 
solely for your personal, non-commercial use. You agree not to modify, 
reproduce, retransmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast or 
circulate any such material without the written permission of Ask.com or the 
appropriate affiliate. You are not granted any other license or right (including
 by implication, by estoppel or otherwise), with respect to the Site, Services, 
or any content accessible through the Site or Services. Any rights not expressly
 granted in these Terms of Service are reserved by Ask.

In your use of the Site
 and Services, you agree to comply with all applicable laws including those 
regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or 
the country in which you reside.

The Site and Services are not intended for 
children under 13 years of age, and you may not use the Site or Services or 
register for the Community feature or create a user profile, if applicable, if 
you are under 13. You hereby represent and warrant that you are at least 13 
years of age.

When using any portion of and/or functionality on or through the 
Site or Services, you agree to abide by the following Code of Conduct.

You may 
not send automated queries of any sort to the Site, including:

Ask reserves the
 right to take any action it deems appropriate if it determines, in its sole and
 absolute discretion, that you have engaged in any of these practices or 
otherwise violated these Terms of Service. Such action may include removing any 
of your content, cancelling the account of any user Ask believes to be in 
violation of the Terms of Service and/or Community Guidelines, terminating your 
license to access the Site or use the Services or initiating civil or criminal 
legal proceedings. Internet transmissions are never completely secure.

7. Use 
the Site and Services at Your Own Risk

The Site and Services include links to 
other websites or resources. Because Ask has no control over such sites and 
resources, you acknowledge and agree that Ask is not responsible for the 
availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is 
not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other 
materials on or available from such sites or resources. You acknowledge that 
such external sites usually have their own terms and conditions, including 
privacy policies, over which Ask has no control and which will govern your 
rights and obligations with respect to the use of those websites.

To offer use 
of the Site and Services to its users for free, Ask allows advertisers to 
display advertisements or promotional answers on the Site. Your dealings with 
advertisers and third party vendors found on or through the Services and/or on 
the Site, including your participation in promotions, purchase of goods and 
services, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated 
with such activities, are solely between you and the third party advertiser or 
vendor. Ask does not make any representations or warranties with respect to any 
goods, services or websites that appear in advertisements or promotional 
answers, and you agree that Ask will have no liability for any loss or damage of
 any kind incurred as a result of any activities you undertake in connection 
with the use of or reliance on any content, goods, services, information or 
other materials available, through advertisers and/or third party vendors. You 
understand that there is an inherent risk in submitting content to the Site 
and/or Services, and that any communications may be subject to interception by a
 third party.

Ask does not control actions or content posted by its users 
through the Community service and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or 
quality of any Community Content. You acknowledge and agree that Community 
Content and any and all liability arising from Community Content is the sole 
responsibility of the user who posted the content, and not Ask.

You understand 
that by using the Services, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, 
indecent or objectionable. In addition, if you rely on the accuracy, 
completeness, or usefulness of any linked third party websites or resources or 
any answer or comment posted by a Community member, you do so solely at your own
 risk. Under no circumstances will Ask be liable in any way for such content, 
including, but not limited to, for any errors, omissions or misrepresentations 
in any linked third party website or Community Content, or for any loss or 
damage of any kind incurred by you as a result of your use of, or reliance on, 
any linked third party website or Community Content.

You acknowledge that Ask 
is a provider of interactive computing service as set forth in the 
Communications Decency Act, 47 U.S.C. ? 230, and expressly reserves its rights 
to not be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by 
another information content provider of the Site or through any Community 
features.

You acknowledge, consent, and agree that Ask may access, preserve, 
and disclose your account information and/or any content you submit or make 
available for inclusion on the Site and/or Services, if required to do so by law
 or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation, or disclosure is 
reasonably necessary for any of the following reasons: (1) to comply with legal 
process; (2) to enforce these Terms of Service; (3) to respond to claims that 
any content violates the rights of third parties; (4) to protect the rights, 
property, or personal safety of Ask, its users, and the public; or (5) to 
respond to your requests for customer service.

Ask reserves the right at any 
time and from time to time to modify, suspend, discontinue or terminate the 
Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Ask will 
not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, 
discontinuation or termination of the Services.

9. Termination of Your Access 
to the Services

You can terminate your Community account at any time by sending
 a request through the Settings ? Your Account page. You can also delete your 
Community profile information at any time by contacting us at 
customersupport@ask.com. We may terminate your use of the Site and/or Services 
or Community account and deny you access to the Community service in our sole 
discretion due to: (i) your violation of these Terms of Service and/or Community
 Guidelines; (ii) lack of use of the Community service; or (iii) if we consider,
 in our sole discretion, that (a) certain questions, answers or comments you 
have posted are inappropriate and/or do not meet the Community Guidelines, (b) 
your use of the Site or Services or your behavior within the Community does not 
meet our community standards or violates the Community Guidelines or (c) you 
have otherwise violated these Terms of Service. You agree that any termination 
of your access to the Services may be effected without prior notice, and 
acknowledge and agree that Ask may immediately deactivate or delete your 
Community account and all related information and/or bar any further access to 
your account or the Site or Services. If you use the Site or Services in 
violation of these Terms of Service, Ask may, in its sole discretion, retain all
 data collected from your use of the Site or Services. Further, you agree that 
Ask shall not be liable to you or any third party for the discontinuation or 
termination of your access to the Site or Services.

BY USING THE SITE AND 
SERVICES YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:

YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ASK, ITS 
SUBSIDIARIES, AND AFFILIATES, AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND 
AGENTS, ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, 
EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY LOSS OF USE, 
LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF 
SUBSTITUTE SERVICES, OR ANY OTHER INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, 
EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, HOWSOEVER CAUSED, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
 WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT 
LIABILITY), OR OTHERWISE RESULTING FROM:

THESE LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY WHETHER 
OR NOT ASK HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

BECAUSE
 SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, 
SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

You agree to indemnify and 
hold Ask, its subsidiaries, and affiliates, and their officers, directors, 
employees and agents, harmless from and against any and all liability, losses, 
claims, demands, disputes, damages or costs of any kind, including, without 
limitation, reasonable attorneys? fees and costs of litigation, resulting from 
or in any way connected with (a) Community Content or other content you post to 
the Site or otherwise display or transmit through the Services, (b) your use of 
or reliance on the Site or Services, (c) your connection to the Site or 
Services, (d) your violation of these Terms of Service or the Community 
Guidelines, or (e) your violation of any rights of another party.

All contents 
of this Website are: Copyright (c) 2013 IAC Search & Media All rights reserved. 
The logos, marks, product and service names that appear throughout the Site (the
 ?IAC Search & Media Marks) belong to IAC Search & Media and are protected by 
U.S. and international trademark laws. You agree not to display or use the IAC 
Search & Media Marks in any manner without IAC Search & Media?s prior written 
permission. To seek permission to use any of the IAC Search & Media Marks, 
please contact IAC Search & Media in writing at the following address:

Ask 
respects the intellectual property rights of others and requires those that 
visit the Site and use the Services to do the same. Ask may, in appropriate 
circumstances and at our discretion, remove or disable access to material on the
 Site or Services that infringes upon the copyright rights of others. Ask also 
may, at our discretion, remove or disable links or references to an online 
location that contains infringing material or infringing activity. In the event 
that any visitors to the Site or users of our Services repeatedly infringe on 
others? copyrights, Ask may in its sole discretion terminate those individuals? 
rights to use the Site and/or Services pursuant to our Digital Millennium 
Copyright Act repeat infringer policy.

If you believe that your work has been 
used on Ask?s Site or in connection with its Service in any manner that 
constitutes copyright infringement, please notify Ask?s copyright agent by 
written notice. The notice should include the following information:

The 
contact information for Ask?s copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright 
infringement on the Site and/or in connection with the Services is:

These Terms
 of Service and the relationship between you and Ask are governed by the laws of
 the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions.


PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY ? IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL 
RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND TO HAVE A JURY HEAR 
YOUR CLAIMS.

ARBITRATION IS DIFFERENT FROM COURT; THE RULES, INCLUDING 
DISCOVERY ARE DIFFERENT AND NO JUDGE OR JURY IS PRESENT AT AN ARBITRATION. THE 
AWARD IS FINAL AND BINDING AND SUBJECT ONLY TO LIMITED REVIEW BY A COURT.

17. 
Severability of These Terms of Service

If any provision of these Terms of 
Service is found by a court or other binding authority to be invalid, the 
remaining provisions contained in these Terms of Service shall continue in full 
force and effect.

18. Limitation of Actions Brought against Ask

You agree that
 any claim or cause of action arising out of your use of the Site or Services or
 these Terms of Service must be filed within one year after such claim or cause 
of action arose or it shall forever be barred, notwithstanding any statute of 
limitations or other law to the contrary. Within this period, any failure by Ask
 to enforce or exercise any provision of these Terms of Service or any related 
right shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.

You agree that,
 except for Ask and as otherwise expressly provided in these Terms of Service, 
there shall be no third party beneficiaries to this agreement.

The section 
titles in this Terms of Service are for convenience only and have no legal or 
contractual effect.

If you have any questions or concerns with respect to these
 Terms of Service or Site and Services, please see our Customer Support Page 
here.