[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ ] 

 When you use Google services, you trust us with your information. This Privacy 
Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, 
and what we do with it. This is important; we hope you will take time to read it
 carefully. And remember, you can find controls to manage your information and 
protect your privacy and security at My Account .

There are many different ways
 you can use our services ? to search for and share information, to communicate 
with other people or to create new content. When you share information with us, 
for example by creating a Google Account, we can make those services even better
 ? to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with 
people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our 
services, we want you to be clear how we?re using information and the ways in 
which you can protect your privacy.

We?ve tried to keep it as simple as 
possible, but if you?re not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, 
pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first. Your privacy 
matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user, please 
do take the time to get to know our practices ? and if you have any questions 
consult this page.

We collect information to provide better services to all of 
our users ? from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more
 complex things like which ads you?ll find most useful, the people who matter 
most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like.

We collect 
information in two ways:

We use the information we collect from all of our 
services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, 
and to protect Google and our users. We also use this information to offer you 
tailored content ? like giving you more relevant search results and ads.

We may
 use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we 
offer that require a Google Account. In addition, we may replace past names 
associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently 
across all our services. If other users already have your email, or other 
information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google 
Profile information, such as your name and photo.

If you have a Google Account,
 we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google
 or on third-party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1?s, 
reviews you write and comments you post) in our services, including displaying 
in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices you make to 
limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account.

When you contact 
Google, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you 
might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services,
 such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.

We use 
information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to 
improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. One of the
 products we use to do this on our own services is Google Analytics. For 
example, by saving your language preferences, we?ll be able to have our services
 appear in the language you prefer. When showing you tailored ads, we will not 
associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories, such as 
those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.

Our automated 
systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally 
relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored 
advertising, and spam and malware detection.

We may combine personal 
information from one service with information, including personal information, 
from other Google services ? for example to make it easier to share things with 
people you know. We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with 
personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent.

We will
 ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those 
that are set out in this Privacy Policy.

Google processes personal information 
on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal 
information on a server located outside the country where you live.

People have
 different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we 
collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For 
example, you can:

You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including
 cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set
 by us. However, it?s important to remember that many of our services may not 
function properly if your cookies are disabled. For example, we may not remember
 your language preferences.

Many of our services let you share information with
 others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable 
by search engines, including Google. Our services provide you with different 
options on sharing and removing your content.

Whenever you use our services, we
 aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that 
information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to 
delete it ? unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or 
legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to 
verify your identity before we can act on your request.

We may reject requests 
that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for
 example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing 
practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for 
instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).

Where we
 can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except 
where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our 
services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious 
destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we
 may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not 
remove information from our backup systems.

We do not share personal 
information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Google 
unless one of the following circumstances applies:

We may share aggregated, 
non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners ? like 
publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share 
information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.

If 
Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to 
ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users 
notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a 
different privacy policy.

We work hard to protect Google and our users from 
unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of 
information we hold. In particular:

Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the 
services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates, including YouTube, and 
services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes
 services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this 
Privacy Policy.

Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other 
companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to 
you in search results, sites that may include Google services, or other sites 
linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information 
practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and 
who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer 
relevant ads.

We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We 
also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal 
written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow 
up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data 
protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of 
personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.

Our Privacy 
Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this 
Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy 
changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more
 prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of 
privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy
 in an archive for your review.

The following notices explain specific privacy 
practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use:


For more information about some of our most popular services, you can visit 
the Google Product Privacy Guide.

Further useful privacy and security related 
materials can be found through Google?s policies and principles pages, 
including: