[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: http://photobucket.com/terms ] 

 Thank you for visiting Photobucket.com (the "Site"), operated by 
Photobucket.com, Inc. ("Photobucket" or "we" or "us"). Please carefully read 
these Terms of Use ("Terms") so you understand how we operate this Site, what we
 can offer and how we can work together. Please also read our Privacy Policy and
 Copyright and IP Policy. By using the Site and the Photobucket Services (even 
if you're just visiting), you are agreeing to the Terms and Privacy Policy 
posted at the time of your visit.

Photobucket offers photo and video storage, 
story creation products and sharing services (collectively referred to as 
"Photobucket Services") that are offered via the Site, other social media, 
mobile services and mobile applications.

The Site is open to anyone 13 years of
 age or older, but some of the Photobucket Services are only available to 
registered members ("Members"). You can visit the Site without registering and 
we will consider you a "User."

When you become a Member, you agree to the 
following:

If you become a Member, you are responsible for the Content and 
activities in your account, for protecting your Content with a secure password 
and not sharing your password with anyone. We recommend using a combination of 
numbers, symbols and lower and upper case letters to create a secure password.


Photobucket reserves the right to terminate your Membership at any time (even if
 you've paid), without warning for any or no reason, with or without prior 
notice or explanation and without liability, and can even take legal action if 
needed.

For example, please note that it is our policy to terminate the 
accounts of Members who repeatedly infringe the intellectual property rights of 
others. We have a similar policy for Members who violate these Terms or commit 
illegal acts using the Site or Photobucket Services?although we may, in our 
discretion, instead deny, restrict or suspend access to all or any part of the 
Site or Photobucket Services or terminate a Member's account when something 
similar occurs.

You may cease use of the Photobucket Services at any time. Even
 after you are no longer a Member, you will still be responsible for the 
promises you have made to us about your Content (defined below). You'll be 
responsible for any damages that result from your breaking those promises as 
further outlined below.

Photobucket continues to grow and get better because of
 users like you (Thank you!). If you are a Member, you can upload files 
containing text, images, sound and video ("Content"). However, here are some 
limitations:

You retain all your rights to any Content you submit, upload or 
display on or while using Photobucket. This means that you own all the Content 
you post and are responsible for its settings:

Though everything in these Terms
 and in our Privacy Policy is a binding contract, we need to let you know the 
following: