[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: http://photobucket.com/privacy ] 

 Thank you for visiting Photobucket.com (the "Site") and reviewing the Privacy 
Policy of Photobucket.com, Inc. ("Photobucket" or "we" or "us"). It is important
 to us that you understand what information we collect when you visit the Site 
either from a computer or a mobile device and what we may do with that 
information, so we have laid it all out here for you. This Privacy Policy also 
covers the collection of data from applications on mobile devices.

By using 
this Site you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy, and you signify your 
assent to all of the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. If you 
do not agree with any terms of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use, please 
do not use this Site or submit any personal information. Please take care to 
read our Privacy Policy to be sure you are informed about how your information 
may be used. Please also read our Terms of Use.

We collect and store a wide 
variety of information you submit to Photobucket or give us in the other ways 
described below. Some is personal information and some isn't.

There are some 
things you may choose to do on or by accessing the Site which may be public. 
Here are some examples:

While Photobucket has security measures to help protect
 the information under our control, no data transmission over the Internet or 
any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.

We keep your personal
 information only so long as we need it for the purposes for which it was 
collected, for the products and services that you are using, or to meet any 
legal requirements. We have retention standards, which meet these requirements. 
We destroy your personal information when it is no longer needed.

Don't Be Shy!
 If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or information that you
 have submitted to us or if you would like to do any of the following:

you can 
contact us at:

View our Terms of Use here