[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: http://www.nytimes.com/content/help/rights/sale/terms-of-sale.html ] 

 This page provides the terms of sale and purchase for The New York Times digital
 products, including digital subscriptions and one-time purchases, offered by 
The New York Times newspaper and NYTimes.com ("NYTimes" or "we" or "us").

By 
using NYTimes.com and NYTimes products, you are agreeing to our Terms of 
Service.

1. GENERAL TERMS OF SALE

???? 1.1. Definitions

???? 1.2. About 
Digital Products

???? 1.3. Processing and Payment

???? 1.4. Pricing

???? 1.5.
 Billing

????????? 1.5.1. Billing of Digital Subscriptions

????????? 1.5.2. 
Billing of One-Time Purchases

????????? 1.5.3. Currency

???? 1.6. Unpaid 
Charges

???? 1.7. Promotions

???? 1.8. Software Products

???? 1.9. Third 
Parties

2.1. Cancellation and Refunds of Digital Subscriptions

???? 2.2. 
Changing Your Subscription

???? 2.3. Cancellation and Refunds of One-Time 
Purchases

The term "digital product" refers to paid digital products available 
from NYTimes, including both NYTimes digital subscriptions and one-time 
purchases.

You are not required to purchase anything for certain limited use of
 NYTimes.com or the NYTimes apps. However, if you do not purchase a subscription
 or product, your access to NYTimes content and services will be limited.

You 
can review the various NYTimes digital subscriptions here. We also offer other 
products and services, such as crosswords, gift subscriptions, e-books and 
articles from our archive. The purchase of a gift subscription is a one-time 
purchase; for more information, see the Gift Subscriptions FAQ.

The New York 
Times reserves the right to modify the content, type and availability of any 
digital product at any time.

Only one person may use the user name and password
 associated with a digital product account.

For details about your purchases, 
including payment methods and billing cycles, visit the My Account area of 
NYTimes.com.

The New York Times will process your purchase as promptly as 
possible. There may be a delay in the activation of your product while payment 
details are verified.

We accept major credit cards and PayPal. We reserve the 
right to reject any order or purchase at any time.

If your initial payment 
authorization is later revoked, your subscription, product or access will be 
terminated. Contact our Customer Care group if you believe your access was 
terminated in error.

Unless specified otherwise in the Cancellation and Refund 
Policy, all charges are nonrefundable.

To view or change your payment method, 
visit the My Account area of NYTimes.com.

When you purchase a digital product, 
the price will be made clear during the order process. You agree to pay the 
price that is stated at the time of your order, as well as any applicable taxes.
 You also agree to the billing frequency stated at the time of your order.


Discount eligibility is determined at the time of the order. Discounts cannot be
 applied retroactively.

All prices are in United States Dollars, unless 
otherwise stated.

The New York Times reserves the right to change prices and 
fees at any time. We will notify you in advance if the regular rate of a product
 changes from what was stated at the time of your order. You will have the 
opportunity to accept the new price or cancel your subscription or purchase from
 that point forward.

Applicable taxes may vary. We are not able to notify you 
in advance of changes in applicable taxes.

If a stated price is determined by 
us in our sole discretion to be in error, we are not under any obligation to 
offer you the product at that price. We will notify you of the error and give 
you the opportunity to cancel your order and obtain a refund if payment has 
already been made.

Your subscription may not include access to all areas of the
 digital product, and you may have to pay additional fees to fully access those 
products. These additional charges will be clearly stated.

When you use your 
digital product, you may incur other additional charges from third party service
 providers, such as telecommunications fees, data fees or service provider fees.
 You are responsible for paying any additional charges.

If you believe someone 
else has used your account or you are being charged for a product you do not 
have, please contact our Customer Care group.

We will charge or debit your 
payment method at the beginning of your subscription or, if applicable, at the 
end of your free trial period. Billing will continue according to the cycle 
stated at the time of your order.

To view information about your billing cycle,
 visit the My Account area of NYTimes.com.

All NYTimes digital subscriptions 
are renewed automatically. When we renew your subscription, we will use the 
payment method currently associated with your account. If you redeem a gift 
subscription and choose to extend your subscription at the time of redemption, 
your subscription will renew automatically. You can view your payment method at 
any time in the My Account area of NYTimes.com.

You will not be notified in 
advance of impending renewals. Please see our Cancellation and Refund policy 
below for information about canceling.

When you make a one-time purchase of a 
standalone product, including but not limited to articles from the New York 
Times Archives and gift subscriptions, we will charge or debit your payment 
method at the time of purchase.

The currency in which you will be billed will 
be stated during the purchase process and is determined based on your billing 
address.

If your credit card expires or your payment method is otherwise 
invalid, your subscription or product will not automatically be terminated. You 
will remain responsible for all charges.

You will be responsible for all costs 
we incur in connection with the collection of unpaid amounts, including court 
costs, attorneys' fees, collection agency fees and any other associated costs.


We may occasionally offer promotions. The specific terms of each promotion are 
stated at the time the promotion is offered. Each promotion may be different. 
Promotions cannot be combined.

You are required to provide your payment details
 when you sign up for a promotion. At the end of the promotion, you will 
automatically be signed up for the related subscription or purchase that will 
begin at the end of the promotional period. We will not notify you in advance 
that the promotion is about to end. To cancel and avoid being charged, you must 
notify us before the promotion ends.

If you purchase a digital subscription 
that includes downloadable software, your download and use of that software may 
be subject to additional terms or end user license agreements.

If you have 
purchased your product through a third party, these Terms of Sale may not apply 
to you. We are not liable to you for any claims related to purchases made 
through third parties. Please contact the third party directly.

You can change 
or cancel your digital subscription at any time by calling Customer Care at 
(800) 591-9233. For international customers, please email us at 
help@nytimes.com. Group Subscription billing cycles and terms of cancellations 
may differ and are governed by the terms set forth in the Group Subscription 
Purchase Order. Digital products sold as an add-on to your home delivery 
subscription, such as Times Premier, may have different cancellation or refund 
policies.

When you cancel a subscription based on a monthly or 4-week cycle, 
you cancel only future charges associated with your subscription. You may notify
 us of your intent to cancel at any time, but the cancellation will become 
effective at the end of your current billing period.

Cancellations are 
effective the following billing cycle. You will not receive a refund for the 
current billing cycle. You will continue to have the same access and benefits of
 your product for the remainder of the current billing period.

We reserve the 
right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. If we issue a refund 
or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the
 future.

If you cancel an annual subscription within the first 11 months of 
your subscription year, your access and other benefits will end immediately and 
you will receive a refund prorated to the day.

If you cancel in the final 30 
days of your subscription year, the cancellation will not take effect until the 
end of your current billing period. Your access and privileges will continue to 
the end of the current billing period, and you will not receive a refund.

We 
reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. If we 
issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or 
similar refund in the future.

Changes to Content or Access

We reserve the 
right to make changes to our digital products at any time. If we temporarily 
reduce or eliminate the charge for content or access that you are currently 
paying for under different terms, you will not receive a refund.

We reserve the
 right to suspend or terminate your subscription or product for any reason, with
 or without notice and without further obligation. You will not be entitled to a
 refund in these circumstances. If any or all of our digital products are 
temporarily unavailable, you will not receive a refund. We reserve the right to 
issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. If we issue a refund or credit,
 we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future.


When you change your subscription, you will receive a pro-rated credit toward 
your new subscription.

One-time purchases cannot be canceled or refunded. For 
more information on the cancellation terms for gift subscriptions, see the Gift 
Subscriptions FAQ.

We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole
 discretion. If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue
 the same or similar refund in the future.

Changes to Content or Access

We 
reserve the right to make changes to our digital products at any time. If we 
temporarily reduce or eliminate the charge for content or access that you are 
currently paying for under different terms, you will not receive a refund.

If 
any or all of our digital products are temporarily unavailable, you will not 
receive a refund. We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole 
discretion. If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue 
the same or similar refund in the future.