[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: http://www.adobe.com/legal/general-terms.html ] 

 1.5? Additional Terms .?Some Services or Software are also subject to the 
additional terms below (the ? Additional Terms ?). Any content that we provide 
to you (such as Software, SDK, samples, etc.) are licensed, not sold, to you, 
and may be subject to Additional Terms. New Additional Terms may be added from 
time to time.

1.5? Additional Terms .?Some Services or Software are also 
subject to the additional terms below (the ? Additional Terms ?). Any content 
that we provide to you (such as Software, SDK, samples, etc.) are licensed, not 
sold, to you, and may be subject to Additional Terms. New Additional Terms may 
be added from time to time.

1.4? Availability .?Pages describing the Services 
are accessible worldwide but this does not mean all Services or service features
 are available in your country, or that user-generated content available via the
 Services is legal in your country. We may block access to certain Services (or 
certain service features or content) in certain countries. It is your 
responsibility to make sure your use of the Services is legal where you use 
them. Services are not available in all languages.

1.4? Availability .?Pages 
describing the Services are accessible worldwide but this does not mean all 
Services or service features are available in your country, or that user-
generated content available via the Services is legal in your country. We may 
block access to certain Services (or certain service features or content) in 
certain countries. It is your responsibility to make sure your use of the 
Services is legal where you use them. Services are not available in all 
languages.

1.3.?The Privacy Policy at http://www.adobe.com/go/privacy governs 
any personal information you provide to us.?By using the Services or Software 
you agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy.

1.2? Eligibility .?You may only 
use the Services if you are (a) over 13 years old and (b) allowed by law to 
enter into a binding contract.

1.2? Eligibility .?You may only use the Services
 if you are (a) over 13 years old and (b) allowed by law to enter into a binding
 contract.

For customers in Australia, Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited 
is acting as an authorized agent of Adobe Australia Trading Pty Ltd. and is 
entering into this contract in its capacity as agent for Adobe Australia Trading
 Pty Ltd.? You may have additional rights under the law. We do not seek to limit
 those rights where it is prohibited by law.

1.1? Choice of Law. If you reside 
in North America, your relationship is with Adobe Systems Incorporated, a United
 States company, and the Services and Software are governed by the law of 
California, U.S.A. If you reside outside of North America, your relationship is 
with Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited, and the Services and Software are 
governed by the law of Ireland. ? For customers in Australia, Adobe Systems 
Software Ireland Limited is acting as an authorized agent of Adobe Australia 
Trading Pty Ltd. and is entering into this contract in its capacity as agent for
 Adobe Australia Trading Pty Ltd.? You may have additional rights under the law.
 We do not seek to limit those rights where it is prohibited by law.

These 
terms govern your use of our website or services such as the Creative Cloud 
(collectively, ? Services ?) and software that we include as part of the 
Services, including any applications, Content Files (defined below), scripts, 
instruction sets, and any related documentation (collectively ? Software ?). By 
using the Services or Software, you agree to these terms. If you have entered 
into another agreement with us concerning specific Services or Software, then 
the terms of that agreement controls where it conflicts with these terms.? As 
discussed more in Section 3 below, you retain all rights and ownership you have 
in your content that you make available through the Services.

These terms 
govern your use of our website or services such as the Creative Cloud 
(collectively, ? Services ?) and software that we include as part of the 
Services, including any applications, Content Files (defined below), scripts, 
instruction sets, and any related documentation (collectively ? Software ?). By 
using the Services or Software, you agree to these terms. If you have entered 
into another agreement with us concerning specific Services or Software, then 
the terms of that agreement controls where it conflicts with these terms.? As 
discussed more in Section 3 below, you retain all rights and ownership you have 
in your content that you make available through the Services.

1.6?Order of 
Precedence.?If there is any conflict between the terms in this Agreement and the
 Additional Terms, then the Additional Terms govern in relation to that Service 
or Software.

1.7?Modification.?We may modify, update, or discontinue the 
Services, Software (including any of their portions or features) at any time 
without liability to you or anyone else. However, we will make reasonable effort
 to notify you before we make the change. We will also allow you a reasonable 
time to download your content. If we discontinue a Service in its entirety, then
 we will provide you with a pro rata refund for any unused fees for that Service
 that you may have prepaid.

2.1?License.?Subject to your compliance with these 
terms and the law, you may access and use the Services.

2.2?Adobe Intellectual 
Property.?We (and our licensors) remain the sole owner of all right, title, and 
interest in the Services and Software. We reserve all rights not granted under 
these terms.

2.3?Storage.?When the Services provide storage, we recommend that 
you continue to back up your content regularly. We may create reasonable 
technical limits on your content, such as limits on file size, storage space, 
processing capacity, and other technical limits. We may suspend the Services 
until you are within the storage space limit associated with your account.

2.4
?User-Generated Content.?We may host user-generated content from our users. If 
you access our Services, you may come across content that you find offensive or 
upsetting. Your sole remedy is to simply stop viewing the content. If available,
 you may also click on the ?Report? button to report the content to us.


2.5?Content Files.??Content Files? means Adobe-provided sample files such as 
stock images or sounds. Unless the documentation or specific license associated 
with the Content Files state otherwise, you may use, display, modify, reproduce,
 and distribute any of the Content Files. However, you may not distribute the 
Content Files on a stand-alone basis (i.e., in circumstances in which the 
Content Files constitute the primary value of the product being distributed), 
and you must not claim any trademark rights in the Content Files or derivative 
works of the Content Files.

(a)?NFR Version.?We may designate the Software or 
Services as ?trial?, ?evaluation?, ?not for resale?, or other similar 
designation (?NFR Version?). You may install and use the NFR Version only during
 the period and only for the purposes that we have stated when we provide the 
NFR Version. You must not use any materials you produce with the NFR Version for
 anything other than non-commercial purposes.

(b)?Pre-release Version.?We may 
designate the Software or Services as a pre-release or beta version (?Pre-
release Version?). Pre-release Version does not represent the final product and 
may contain bugs that may cause system or other failure and data loss. We may 
choose not to commercially release the Pre-release Version. You must promptly 
cease using the Pre-release Version and destroy all copies of Pre-release 
Version if we request you to do so, or if we release a commercial version of the
 Pre-release Version. Any separate agreement we enter into with you governing 
the Pre-release Version will supersede the provisions on Pre-Release Version set
 out in this section.

3.1?Ownership. You retain all rights and ownership of 
your content. We do not claim any ownership rights to your content.


3.2?Licenses to Your Content in Order to Operate the Services.?We require 
certain licenses from you to your content to operate and enable the Services. 
When you upload content to the Services, you grant us a non-exclusive, 
worldwide, royalty-free, sub-licensable, and transferrable license to use, 
reproduce, publicly display, distribute, modify (so as to better showcase your 
content, for example), publicly perform, and translate the content as needed in 
response to user driven actions (such as when you choose to store privately or 
share your content with others).?This license is only for the purpose of 
operating or improving the Services.

3.3?Our Access.?We will not access, view, 
or listen to any of your content, except as reasonably necessary to perform the 
Services. Actions reasonably necessary to perform the Services may include (but 
are not limited to) (a)?responding to support requests; (b)?detecting, 
preventing, or otherwise addressing fraud, security, unlawful, or technical 
issues; and (c)?enforcing these terms.

(a)?Sharing.?Some Services may provide 
features that allow you to Share your content with other users or to make it 
public. ?Share? means to email, post, transmit, upload, or otherwise make 
available (whether to us or other users) through your use of the Services. Other
 users may use, copy, modify, or re-share your content in many ways. Please 
consider carefully what you choose to Share or make public as you are entirely 
responsible for the content that you Share.

(b)?Level of Access.?We do not 
monitor or control what others do with your content. You are responsible for 
determining the limitations that are placed on your content and for applying the
 appropriate level of access to your content. If you do not choose the access 
level to apply to your content, the system may default to its most permissive 
setting. It?s your responsibility to let other users know how your content may 
be shared and adjust the setting related to accessing or sharing of your 
content.

(c)?Comments.?The Services may allow you to comment on content. 
Comments are not anonymous, and may be viewed by other users. Your comments may 
be deleted by you, other users, or us.

3.5?Termination of License.?You may 
revoke this license to your content and terminate our rights at any time by 
removing your content from the Service. However, some copies of your content may
 be retained as part of our routine backups.

3.6?Feedback.?You have no 
obligation to provide us with ideas, suggestions, or proposals (?Feedback?). 
However, if you submit Feedback to us, then you grant us a non-exclusive, 
worldwide, royalty-free license that is sub-licensable and transferrable, to 
make, use, sell, have made, offer to sell, import, reproduce, publicly display, 
distribute, modify, and publicly perform the Feedback.

3.7?Selling Your 
Content.?We may allow you to license your content to other users through our 
Services. If available, you may choose to license your content through us under 
a separate agreement or directly to other users under an agreement between you 
and the buyer.

You are responsible for all activity that occurs via your 
account. Please notify Customer Support immediately if you become aware of any 
unauthorized use of your account. You may not (a) Share your account information
 (except with an authorized account administrator) or (b) use another person?s 
account. Your account administrator may use your account information to manage 
your use and access to the Services.

5.1?Responsible Use.?The Adobe communities
 often consist of users who expect a certain degree of courtesy and 
professionalism. You must use the Services responsibly.

5.2?Misuse.?You must 
not misuse the Services, Software, or content that we provide to you as part of 
the Services. For example, you must not:

(a) copy, modify, host, stream, 
sublicense, or resell the Services, Software, or content;

(b) enable or allow 
others to use the Service, Software, or content using your account information;


(c) use the content or Software included in the Services to construct any kind
 of database;

(d) access or attempt to access the Services by any means other 
than the interface we provided or authorized;

(e) circumvent any access or use 
restrictions put into place to prevent certain uses of the Services;

(f) share 
content or engage in behavior that violates anyone?s Intellectual Property Right
 (?Intellectual Property Rights? means copyright, moral rights, trademark, trade
 dress, patent, trade secret, unfair competition, right of privacy, right of 
publicity, and any other proprietary rights.);

(g) upload or share any content 
that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, tortious, defamatory, libelous,
 vulgar, lewd, profane, invasive of another?s privacy, or hateful;

(h) 
impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent 
your affiliation with a person or entity;

(i) attempt to disable, impair, or 
destroy the Services, software, or hardware;

(j) disrupt, interfere with, or 
inhibit any other user from using the Services (such as stalking, intimidating, 
or harassing others, inciting others to commit violence, or harming minors in 
any way),

(k) engage in chain letters, junk mails, pyramid schemes, spamming, 
or other unsolicited messages;

(l) place advertisement of any products or 
services in the Services;

(m) use any data mining or similar data gathering and
 extraction methods in connection with the Services; or

6.1?Taxes and Third-
Party Fees.?You must pay any applicable taxes, and any applicable third-party 
fee (including, for example telephone toll charges, mobile carrier fees, ISP 
charges, data plan charges, credit card fees, foreign exchange fees). We are not
 responsible for these fees. We may take steps to collect the fees you owe us. 
You are responsible for all related collection costs and expenses.

6.2?Credit 
Card Information.?If you do not notify us of updates to your payment method, to 
avoid interruption of your service, we may participate in programs supported by 
your card provider to try to update your payment information, and you authorize 
us to continue billing your account with the updated information that we obtain.


.? By uploading your content to the Services, you agree that you have: (a)?all
 necessary licenses and permissions, to use and Share your content and (b)?the 
rights necessary to grant the licenses in these terms.

7.2?Indemnification.?You
 will indemnify us and our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, 
employees, partners, and licensors from any claim, demand, loss, or damages, 
including reasonable attorneys? fees, arising out of or related to your content,
 your use of the Services or Software, or your violation of these terms.


8.1?Unless stated in the Additional Terms, the Services and Software are 
provided ?AS-IS.? To the maximum extent permitted by law, we disclaim all 
warranties express or implied, including the implied warranties of non-
infringement, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose. We make no 
commitments about the content within the Services. We further disclaim any 
warranty that (a) the Services or Software will meet your requirements or will 
be constantly available, uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; (b) the 
results that may be obtained from the use of the Services or Software will be 
effective, accurate, or reliable; (c) the quality of the Services or Software 
will meet your expectations; or that (d) any errors or defects in the Services 
or Software will be corrected.

8.2?We specifically disclaim any liability for 
any actions resulting from your use of any Services or Software. You may use and
 access the Services or Software at your own discretion and risk, and you are 
solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that 
results from the use and access of any Service or Software.

9.1?Unless stated 
in the Additional Terms, we are not liable to you or anyone else for: (a) any 
loss of use, data, goodwill, or profits, whether or not foreseeable; and (b) any
 special, incidental, indirect, consequential, or punitive damages whatsoever 
(even if we have been advised of the possibility of these damages), including 
those (x) resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, whether or not 
foreseeable, (y)based on any theory of liability, including breach of contract 
or warranty, negligence or other tortious action, or (z) arising from any other 
claim arising out of or in connection with your use of or access to the Services
 or Software. Nothing in these terms limits or excludes our liability for gross 
negligence, for our (or our employees?) intentional misconduct, or for death or 
personal injury.

9.2?Our total liability in any matter arising out of or 
related to these terms is limited to US $100 or the aggregate amount that you 
paid for access to the Service and Software during the three-month period 
preceding the event giving rise to the liability, whichever is larger. This 
limitation will apply even if we have been advised of the possibility of the 
liability exceeding the amount and notwithstanding any failure of essential 
purpose of any limited remedy.

9.3?The limitations and exclusions in this 
Section 9 apply to the maximum extent permitted by law.

10.1?Termination by 
You.?You may stop using the Services at any time. Termination of your account 
does not relieve you of any obligation to pay any outstanding fees.


10.2?Termination by Us.?If we terminate these terms for reasons other than for 
cause, then we will make reasonable effort to notify you at least 30 days prior 
to termination via the email address you provide to us with instructions on how 
to retrieve your content. Unless stated in Additional Terms, we may at any time 
terminate these terms (and your access to Services or Software) with you if:


(a) you breach any provision of these terms (or act in a manner that clearly 
shows you do not intend to, or are unable to, comply with these terms);

(b) you
 fail to make the timely payment of fees for the Software or the Services, if 
any;

(c) we are required to do so by law (for example, where the provision of 
the Services or Software to you is, or becomes, unlawful);

(d) we elect to 
discontinue the Services or Software, in whole or in part, (such as if it 
becomes impractical for us to continue offering Services in your region due to 
change of law); or

(e) there has been an extended period of inactivity in your 
free account

10.3?Termination by Group Administrator.?Group administrators for 
a Service such as ?Creative Cloud for team? may terminate a user?s access to a 
Service at any time. If your group administrator terminates your access, then 
you may no longer be able to access content that you or other users of the group
 have shared on a shared workspace within that Service.

10.4?Survival.?Upon 
expiration or termination of these terms, any perpetual licenses you have 
granted, your indemnification obligations, our warranty disclaimers or 
limitations of liabilities, and dispute resolution provisions stated in these 
terms will survive. Upon the expiration or termination of the Services, some or 
all of the Software may cease to operate without prior notice.


11.1?Screening.?We do not review all content uploaded to the Services, but we 
may use available technologies or processes to screen for certain types of 
illegal content (for example, child pornography) or other abusive content or 
behavior (for example, patterns of activity that indicate spam or phishing, or 
keywords that indicate adult content has been posted outside of the adult wall).


11.2?Disclosure.?We may access or disclose information about you, or your use 
of the Services, (a) when it is required by law (such as when we receive a valid
 subpoena or search warrant); (b) to respond to your requests for customer 
service support; or (c) when we, in our discretion, think it is necessary to 
protect the rights, property, or personal safety of us, our users, or the 
public.

The Software, Services, content, and your use of the Software, 
Services, and content, are subject to U.S. and international laws, restrictions,
 and regulations that may govern the import, export, and use of the Software, 
Services, and content. You agree to comply with all the laws, restrictions, and 
regulations.

13.1?Process.?For any concern or dispute you may have, you agree 
to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting us. If a dispute is
 not resolved within 30 days of submission, you or Adobe must resolve any claims
 relating to these terms, the Services, or the Software through final and 
binding arbitration, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if 
your claims qualify.

13.2?Rules.?If you reside in the Americas, JAMS will 
administrate the arbitration in Santa Clara County, California pursuant to its 
Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. If you reside in Australia, New 
Zealand, Japan, mainland China, Hong Kong S.A.R., Macau S.A.R., Taiwan R.O.C., 
the Republic of Korea, India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal, or a member state of
 the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), then the Singapore 
International Arbitration Centre (SIAC) will administer the arbitration in 
Singapore under its Rules of Arbitration, which rules are deemed to be 
incorporated by reference in this section. Otherwise, the London Court of 
International Arbitration (LCIA) will administer the arbitration in London under
 the LCIA Arbitration Rules. There will be one arbitrator that you and Adobe 
both select. The arbitration will be conducted in the English language, but any 
witness whose native language is not English may give testimony in the witness? 
native language, with simultaneous translation into English (at the expense of 
the party presenting the witness). Judgment upon the award rendered may be 
entered and will be enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction having 
jurisdiction over the parties.

13.3?No Class Actions.?You may only resolve 
disputes with us on an individual basis, and may not bring a claim as a 
plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action.


13.4?Injunctive Relief.?Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of your or
 others? unauthorized access to or use of the Services or content in violation 
of these terms you agree that we are entitled to apply for injunctive remedies 
(or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.

If you are 
a business, company, or organization, then we may, no more than once every 12 
months, upon seven 7 days? prior notice to you, appoint our personnel or an 
independent third party auditor who is obliged to maintain confidentiality to 
inspect (including manual inspection, electronic methods, or both) your records,
 systems, and facilities to verify that your installation and use of any and all
 Software or Services is in conformity with its valid licenses from us. 
Additionally, you will provide us with all records and information requested by 
us in order to verify that its installation and use of any and all Software and 
Services is in conformity with your valid licenses from us within 30 days of our
 request. If the verification discloses a shortfall in licenses for the Software
 or Services, you will immediately acquire any necessary licenses, 
subscriptions, and any applicable back maintenance and support. If the underpaid
 fees exceed 5% of the value of the payable license fees, then you will also pay
 for our reasonable cost of conducting the verification.

We may modify these 
terms or any additional terms that apply to a Service or Software to, for 
example, reflect changes to the law or changes to our Services or Software. You 
should look at the terms regularly. We will post notice of modifications to 
these terms on this page. We will post notice of modified additional terms in 
the applicable Service or Software. By continuing to use or access the Services 
or Software after the revisions come into effect, you agree to be bound by the 
revised terms.

16.1?English Version.?The English version of these terms will be
 the version used when interpreting or construing these terms.

16.2?Notice to 
Adobe.?You may send the notices to us to at the following address: Adobe 
Systems, 345?Park?Avenue, San Jose, California?95110-2704, Attention: General 
Counsel.

16.3?Notice to You.?We may notify you by email, postal mail, postings 
within the Services, or other legally acceptable means.

16.4?Entire 
Agreement.?These terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us 
regarding your use of the Services and Software and supersede any prior 
agreements between you and us relating to the Services.

16.5?Non-
Assignment.?You may not assign or otherwise transfer these terms or your rights 
and obligations under these terms, in whole or in part, without our written 
consent and any such attempt will be void. We may transfer our rights under 
these terms to a third party.

16.6?Severability.?If a particular term is not 
enforceable, the unenforceability of that term will not affect any other terms.


16.7?No Waiver.?Our failure to enforce or exercise any of these terms is not a
 waiver of that section.